
101373961279443806744.5656965061305986450
a view of a mountain range from a mountain range 

matrix comment dim (331, 331)


cluster  0 :
comment:  day
comment:  experience
comment:  place
comment:  enjoy
comment:  leave
comment:  moment
comment:  special
comment:  bring
comment:  surprise
comment:  day
comment:  moment
comment:  place


cluster  1 :
comment:  mance
comment:  fusco
comment:  guti
comment:  zoltan
comment:  babo
comment:  golan
comment:  rockie
comment:  dene
comment:  alp
comment:  jarek
comment:  paisaje
comment:  trinh
comment:  barnsley
comment:  piet


cluster  2 :
comment:  cloud
comment:  sandwich
comment:  scrapbook
comment:  portfolio
comment:  armor
comment:  mile
comment:  hash
comment:  tag
comment:  select
comment:  tempt
comment:  delayed
comment:  row


cluster  3 :
comment:  amazing
comment:  amazing
comment:  awesome
comment:  awesome
comment:  nice
comment:  nice


cluster  4 :
comment:  pitty
comment:  de
comment:  congratulation
comment:  jack
comment:  bc
comment:  canadian
comment:  snowed
comment:  jan


cluster  5 :
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg


cluster  6 :
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank


cluster  7 :
comment:  photo
comment:  photography
comment:  picture
comment:  photo


cluster  8 :
comment:  yeah
comment:  yeah
comment:  wow
comment:  wow
comment:  wow
comment:  wow
comment:  anyways
comment:  wow
comment:  wow
comment:  wow
comment:  wow


cluster  9 :
comment:  stunning
comment:  magnificent
comment:  splendid
comment:  stunning
comment:  scenery
comment:  stunning
comment:  stunning
comment:  breathtaking
comment:  stunning
comment:  stunning
comment:  stunning


cluster  10 :
comment:  figure
comment:  lose
comment:  speak
comment:  book
comment:  mood
comment:  journey
comment:  book
comment:  live
comment:  bunch
comment:  grow
comment:  stop
comment:  add
comment:  ago
comment:  stop
comment:  notice
comment:  choose
comment:  mood
comment:  word
comment:  person


cluster  11 :
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan


cluster  12 :
comment:  davorin
comment:  siguenza
comment:  silhouetted
comment:  rooij
comment:  rrez
comment:  austerity
comment:  supershot
comment:  klimek
comment:  monod
comment:  cesari
comment:  erdtmann
comment:  richi
comment:  filmalter


cluster  13 :
CAPTION: mountain
CAPTION: mountain
comment:  tree
comment:  earth
comment:  tree
comment:  landscape
comment:  mountain
comment:  northern
comment:  near
comment:  mountain
comment:  hunt
comment:  weather
mountain 	0.536233699322
mountain 	0.536233699322


cluster  14 :
comment:  shot
comment:  shoot
comment:  shot
comment:  shot
comment:  shot
comment:  shot
comment:  shoot


cluster  15 :
comment:  miss
comment:  love
comment:  miss
comment:  guess
comment:  glad
comment:  guess
comment:  glad
comment:  love
comment:  luck
comment:  guess
comment:  sorry
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  shame


cluster  16 :
comment:  middle
comment:  touch
comment:  light
comment:  atmosphere
comment:  light
comment:  spot
comment:  light


cluster  17 :
comment:  comment
comment:  comment
comment:  post
comment:  comment
comment:  comment
comment:  comment
comment:  comment
comment:  comment
comment:  comment
comment:  comment


cluster  18 :
comment:  excellent
comment:  dramatic
comment:  impressive
comment:  remarkable
comment:  impressive
comment:  terrific
comment:  superb
comment:  excellent
comment:  dramatic
comment:  incredible


cluster  19 :
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work


cluster  20 :
comment:  obviously
comment:  need
comment:  better
comment:  happen
comment:  like
comment:  lot
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  bit
comment:  matter
comment:  lot
comment:  bad
comment:  bit
comment:  kind
comment:  imagine


cluster  21 :
comment:  gorgeous
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  lovely
comment:  beautiful
comment:  gorgeous
comment:  beautiful
comment:  lovely
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  lovely


cluster  22 :
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share


cluster  23 :
comment:  appreciate
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  good
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  good
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  appreciate


cluster  24 :
comment:  fg
comment:  athena
comment:  camara
comment:  jos
comment:  barrow
comment:  bello
comment:  luca
comment:  nora


cluster  25 :
comment:  christina
comment:  carey
comment:  cameron
comment:  peter
comment:  neil
comment:  juan
comment:  philip
comment:  alexis
comment:  christina
comment:  christine
comment:  mike
comment:  joseph
comment:  carol
comment:  martin
comment:  neil


cluster  26 :
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image


cluster  27 :
comment:  epic
comment:  album
comment:  album
comment:  mystical
comment:  mysterious
comment:  frightening
comment:  sublime
comment:  composition


cluster  28 :
comment:  nicely
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment


cluster  29 :
CAPTION: view
CAPTION: range
CAPTION: range
comment:  feature
comment:  view
comment:  art
comment:  original
comment:  view
comment:  quality
comment:  view
comment:  detail
view 	0.586002837867
range 	0.29963994
range 	0.29963994


cluster  30 :
comment:  balance
comment:  etc
comment:  fix
comment:  progress
comment:  option
comment:  copy
comment:  separate
comment:  upload
comment:  increase
comment:  response
comment:  process


cluster  31 :
comment:  rollo
comment:  oldy
comment:  coram
comment:  rollo


cluster  32 :
comment:  wonderful
comment:  fantastic
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  fantastic

101373961279443806744.5981772380401160226
a large bird is flying over the snow 

matrix comment dim (2202, 2202)


cluster  0 :
comment:  nuance
comment:  exclamation
comment:  hardship
comment:  nuance
comment:  crispy
comment:  wistful
comment:  fascinate
comment:  hardship
comment:  vitamin
comment:  heel
comment:  min
comment:  bribe
comment:  min
comment:  heel
comment:  shudder


cluster  1 :
comment:  time
comment:  time
comment:  time
comment:  time
comment:  time
comment:  time
comment:  time
comment:  time
comment:  time
comment:  time
comment:  time
comment:  time
comment:  time


cluster  2 :
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan


cluster  3 :
comment:  welk
comment:  knap
comment:  woon
comment:  wist
comment:  sach


cluster  4 :
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thanks
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thanks
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank


cluster  5 :
comment:  beheydt
comment:  verbaasd
comment:  meesterwerkje
comment:  ryndak
comment:  jany
comment:  viala
comment:  jany
comment:  welborn
comment:  ryndak
comment:  jany
comment:  viala
comment:  jany
comment:  aballe
comment:  haferland
comment:  renay
comment:  beheydt
comment:  vermoed
comment:  douine
comment:  grzegorz
comment:  piechowicz
comment:  grzegorz
comment:  versaci
comment:  regamey
comment:  muraz
comment:  vielmal
comment:  kaatje
comment:  pfjew
comment:  cairn
comment:  rienzner
comment:  hadegda
comment:  ignatova
comment:  catharina
comment:  gaaf
comment:  bjarte
comment:  wergedahl
comment:  bjarte
comment:  manousos
comment:  proyou
comment:  besttopphotographer
comment:  meesterwerk
comment:  lefebre
comment:  soestbergen
comment:  johnan
comment:  artistphtographeramateurorprofessional
comment:  nikolski
comment:  wooww
comment:  beheydt
comment:  rousher
comment:  besttopphotographer
comment:  comenjoy
comment:  versaci
comment:  tugce
comment:  tyllinen
comment:  tanker
comment:  tanker
comment:  belgisch
comment:  pintje
comment:  graub
comment:  nden
comment:  grossartige
comment:  ausgesucht
comment:  wowwee
comment:  tugce
comment:  grzegorz
comment:  piechowicz
comment:  tanker
comment:  ruig
comment:  landschap
comment:  heick
comment:  nter
comment:  schurr
comment:  nter
comment:  lenzerheide
comment:  tompkin
comment:  westerhout
comment:  nter
comment:  schurr
comment:  nter
comment:  dusseault
comment:  rivarola
comment:  landscapephotography
comment:  landscapephotography
comment:  seide
comment:  sairam
comment:  sundaresan
comment:  sandidge
comment:  ondenkbaar
comment:  menefee
comment:  anatoliy
comment:  urbanskiy
comment:  goodi
comment:  aarzel
comment:  hqsp
comment:  demaret
comment:  landscapephotography
comment:  dreamtime
comment:  hqsp
comment:  beheydt
comment:  redelijk
comment:  maandje
comment:  opsluiten
comment:  fotograferen
comment:  jaquillard
comment:  ambrogio
comment:  bellotti
comment:  jany
comment:  viala
comment:  jany
comment:  jaquillard
comment:  allicht
comment:  smelseizoen
comment:  aanpassingen
comment:  garzer
comment:  regamey
comment:  ambrogio
comment:  bellotti
comment:  ambrogio
comment:  girolamo
comment:  cracchiolo
comment:  girolamo
comment:  cheminant
comment:  skreiner
comment:  tjintjelaar
comment:  tompkin
comment:  nikolski
comment:  catharina
comment:  versaci
comment:  louisbourg
comment:  lacanski
comment:  turkowski
comment:  esguerra
comment:  showyourbestwork
comment:  artistphtographeramateurorprofessional
comment:  jany
comment:  viala
comment:  voorzichtig
comment:  shannoon
comment:  niederer
comment:  showyourbestwork
comment:  showyourbestwork
comment:  beheydt
comment:  regamey
comment:  beheydt
comment:  nogmaal
comment:  duik
comment:  ontkomen
comment:  dolny
comment:  landsmann
comment:  yanti
comment:  siagian
comment:  davorin
comment:  davorin
comment:  exzellente
comment:  mossbacher
comment:  zeeeeeker
comment:  catharina


cluster  6 :
comment:  touch
comment:  familiar
comment:  word
comment:  bit
comment:  bit
comment:  hard
comment:  sit
comment:  harder
comment:  big
comment:  true
comment:  word
comment:  usual
comment:  bit
comment:  touch
comment:  story
comment:  bit
comment:  word


cluster  7 :
comment:  anna
comment:  carey
comment:  anna
comment:  hudson
comment:  marie
comment:  russell
comment:  hudson
comment:  stephen
comment:  stephen
comment:  hudson
comment:  ian
comment:  ian
comment:  betty
comment:  nancy
comment:  carmen
comment:  williams
comment:  victor
comment:  victor
comment:  simpson
comment:  jerry
comment:  johnson
comment:  jerry
comment:  ron
comment:  anthony
comment:  elizabeth
comment:  nancy
comment:  hudson
comment:  johnson


cluster  8 :
comment:  ik
comment:  ik
comment:  ik
comment:  ik
comment:  ik
comment:  ik
comment:  ik
comment:  ik
comment:  ik
comment:  ik
comment:  ik
comment:  ik
comment:  ik
comment:  ik
comment:  ik
comment:  ik
comment:  ik
comment:  ik


cluster  9 :
CAPTION: bird
CAPTION: snow
comment:  breakfast
comment:  club
comment:  bird
comment:  winter
comment:  theme
comment:  sun
comment:  travel
comment:  weather
comment:  winter
comment:  winter
comment:  theme
comment:  theme
comment:  holiday
comment:  travel
comment:  destination
comment:  theme
comment:  spring
comment:  winter
comment:  vacation
comment:  breakfast
comment:  club
comment:  road
comment:  theme
comment:  breakfast
bird 	0.313120258351
snow 	0.37296632


cluster  10 :
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  good
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  good
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  good
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  good
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  good
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  good
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  good
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  good
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  good
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great


cluster  11 :
comment:  athena
comment:  gallup
comment:  chantal
comment:  gemma
comment:  gemma
comment:  guinness
comment:  dempsey
comment:  yasmin
comment:  rowe
comment:  dominique
comment:  tran
comment:  yasmin
comment:  yasmin
comment:  levi
comment:  suzie
comment:  enrique
comment:  dominique
comment:  dominique
comment:  tran
comment:  louisa
comment:  louisa
comment:  dominique
comment:  tran
comment:  singh
comment:  philippe
comment:  gemma
comment:  guinness
comment:  breton
comment:  cabot
comment:  lund
comment:  elena
comment:  orr
comment:  fletcher
comment:  dempsey


cluster  12 :
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg


cluster  13 :
comment:  beautiful
comment:  gorgeous
comment:  gorgeous
comment:  lovely
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  lovely
comment:  gorgeous
comment:  beautiful
comment:  gorgeous
comment:  gorgeous
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  lovely
comment:  gorgeous
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  gorgeous
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  lovely
comment:  beautiful
comment:  lovely
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  lovely
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  gorgeous
comment:  lovely
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful


cluster  14 :
comment:  van
comment:  van
comment:  op
comment:  van


cluster  15 :
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like


cluster  16 :
comment:  photo
comment:  picture
comment:  photo
comment:  pic
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photograph
comment:  photo
comment:  picture
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  picture
comment:  photo


cluster  17 :
comment:  marilou
comment:  marilou
comment:  wilfried
comment:  btp
comment:  focuss
comment:  clontarf
comment:  graaf
comment:  btp
comment:  btp
comment:  btp
comment:  btp
comment:  btp
comment:  aksu
comment:  aksu
comment:  fhat
comment:  weimer
comment:  rodolfo
comment:  pelaez
comment:  weimer
comment:  annick
comment:  catharine
comment:  annick
comment:  annick
comment:  munford
comment:  graaf
comment:  giorgi
comment:  rogge
comment:  btp
comment:  dalibor
comment:  graaf


cluster  18 :
comment:  post
comment:  post
comment:  check
comment:  notice
comment:  follow
comment:  follow
comment:  feedback
comment:  follow
comment:  follow
comment:  read
comment:  read
comment:  check
comment:  post
comment:  feedback
comment:  feedback
comment:  check
comment:  recommend


cluster  19 :
comment:  en
comment:  le
comment:  les
comment:  de
comment:  et
comment:  la
comment:  est
comment:  en
comment:  al
comment:  est
comment:  le
comment:  la
comment:  et
comment:  les
comment:  de
comment:  le
comment:  le
comment:  en
comment:  al
comment:  le
comment:  de
comment:  de
comment:  de
comment:  en
comment:  le
comment:  de
comment:  en
comment:  en


cluster  20 :
comment:  hi
comment:  sunday
comment:  hi
comment:  luv
comment:  sir


cluster  21 :
comment:  effect
comment:  clarity
comment:  tone
comment:  visual
comment:  sharp
comment:  sharp
comment:  screen
comment:  contrast
comment:  contrast
comment:  range
comment:  contrast


cluster  22 :
comment:  gear
comment:  hire
comment:  gear
comment:  cheaper
comment:  bonus
comment:  dump
comment:  thousand
comment:  punishment
comment:  ticket
comment:  debate
comment:  abroad
comment:  bonus
comment:  comp
comment:  bill
comment:  bill
comment:  national
comment:  national
comment:  mark
comment:  mark
comment:  strike


cluster  23 :
comment:  komt
comment:  vind
comment:  weet
comment:  vinden
comment:  eens
comment:  prachtig
comment:  prachtig
comment:  hoor
comment:  weet
comment:  zeker
comment:  helemaal
comment:  leven
comment:  zonder
comment:  mij
comment:  zeker
comment:  jij
comment:  zal
comment:  graag
comment:  zeker
comment:  zeker
comment:  eens
comment:  zou
comment:  zeker
comment:  gaan
comment:  staan
comment:  hebben
comment:  eens
comment:  veel
comment:  gaat
comment:  eens
comment:  altijd
comment:  hoor
comment:  eens
comment:  jullie


cluster  24 :
comment:  yep
comment:  everytime
comment:  wow
comment:  lol
comment:  wow
comment:  hey
comment:  oh
comment:  yep
comment:  hehe
comment:  oh
comment:  wow
comment:  yep
comment:  btw
comment:  wow
comment:  hey
comment:  oh
comment:  yep
comment:  lol
comment:  yep
comment:  lol
comment:  wow
comment:  wow
comment:  hey
comment:  lol


cluster  25 :
comment:  image
comment:  capture
comment:  capture
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  capture
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  capture
comment:  capture
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  capture


cluster  26 :
comment:  mcclure
comment:  netherland
comment:  dermot
comment:  jansen
comment:  dunne
comment:  nikola
comment:  lundgren
comment:  mikko
comment:  mikko
comment:  hilbert
comment:  seite
comment:  philipp
comment:  jav
comment:  marquardt
comment:  shahzad
comment:  dubi
comment:  philipp
comment:  hallie
comment:  guilfoyle
comment:  hilbert
comment:  didier
comment:  didier
comment:  hallie
comment:  guilfoyle
comment:  forsyth
comment:  dubi
comment:  mady
comment:  wirth
comment:  nikola
comment:  koontz
comment:  wirth
comment:  amal
comment:  gunderson
comment:  christa
comment:  britta
comment:  vitor
comment:  ferreira
comment:  vitor
comment:  kamil
comment:  fitzpatrick
comment:  swanepoel
comment:  mance
comment:  anette
comment:  koontz


cluster  27 :
comment:  subject
comment:  general
comment:  aspect
comment:  level
comment:  overall
comment:  direction
comment:  process
comment:  reasonable
comment:  constant
comment:  result
comment:  regard
comment:  result
comment:  depend
comment:  appeal
comment:  result
comment:  process
comment:  regard


cluster  28 :
comment:  amazing
comment:  amazing
comment:  awesome
comment:  amazing
comment:  amazing
comment:  awesome
comment:  amazing
comment:  awesome
comment:  amazing
comment:  amazing
comment:  awesome
comment:  awesome
comment:  amazing
comment:  cool
comment:  cool
comment:  cool
comment:  cool


cluster  29 :
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  sharing
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share


cluster  30 :
comment:  photography
comment:  photographer
comment:  photography
comment:  art
comment:  photography
comment:  photography
comment:  photographer
comment:  artist
comment:  photographer
comment:  photographer
comment:  photography
comment:  photography
comment:  photography
comment:  artist
comment:  photographer
comment:  photographer
comment:  artist
comment:  photographer
comment:  artist
comment:  photographer
comment:  photographer


cluster  31 :
comment:  dat
comment:  dat
comment:  er
comment:  stil
comment:  wat
comment:  er
comment:  dat
comment:  dat
comment:  wat
comment:  er
comment:  wat
comment:  wat
comment:  er
comment:  er
comment:  doe
comment:  dat
comment:  wat


cluster  32 :
comment:  switzerland
comment:  nova
comment:  scotia
comment:  cornwall
comment:  costa
comment:  nova
comment:  scotia
comment:  heath
comment:  davidson
comment:  cornwall
comment:  wales
comment:  nova
comment:  scotia
comment:  costa
comment:  highland
comment:  halifax
comment:  switzerland


cluster  33 :
comment:  ireland
comment:  scotland
comment:  louis
comment:  sydney
comment:  ireland
comment:  pakistan
comment:  ireland
comment:  ireland
comment:  ireland
comment:  ireland
comment:  ireland
comment:  irish
comment:  germany
comment:  irish
comment:  ireland
comment:  ireland
comment:  ireland
comment:  ireland
comment:  canada
comment:  ireland
comment:  irish
comment:  ireland
comment:  ireland


cluster  34 :
comment:  magnifique
comment:  aime
comment:  beaucoup
comment:  cette
comment:  aime
comment:  beaucoup
comment:  merci
comment:  beaucoup
comment:  magnifique
comment:  merci
comment:  beaucoup


cluster  35 :
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work


cluster  36 :
comment:  fun
comment:  enjoy
comment:  fun
comment:  enjoy
comment:  fun
comment:  enjoy
comment:  pleasure
comment:  fun
comment:  enjoy
comment:  fun
comment:  pleasure
comment:  fun
comment:  pleasure
comment:  fun
comment:  enjoy


cluster  37 :
comment:  je
comment:  je
comment:  dit
comment:  je
comment:  je
comment:  je
comment:  je
comment:  je
comment:  je
comment:  dit
comment:  je
comment:  kan
comment:  om
comment:  je
comment:  je
comment:  om
comment:  je
comment:  je
comment:  om
comment:  je
comment:  je
comment:  kan


cluster  38 :
comment:  forward
comment:  past
comment:  course
comment:  today
comment:  course
comment:  forward
comment:  tomorrow
comment:  spend
comment:  pick
comment:  help
comment:  opportunity
comment:  tomorrow
comment:  spend
comment:  course
comment:  tomorrow
comment:  forward
comment:  job
comment:  soon
comment:  soon


cluster  39 :
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment


cluster  40 :
comment:  spot
comment:  scene
comment:  old
comment:  eye
comment:  eye
comment:  face
comment:  scene
comment:  spot
comment:  spot
comment:  young
comment:  walk


cluster  41 :
comment:  git
comment:  mania
comment:  dir
comment:  pi
comment:  meg
comment:  mania
comment:  harden
comment:  ch
comment:  lang
comment:  ch
comment:  ga
comment:  zen
comment:  bw
comment:  bw
comment:  bw


cluster  42 :
comment:  page
comment:  page
comment:  page
comment:  page
comment:  page
comment:  message
comment:  link
comment:  page
comment:  site
comment:  preview
comment:  list


cluster  43 :
comment:  thomas
comment:  thomas
comment:  michael
comment:  david
comment:  tim
comment:  john
comment:  john
comment:  kevin
comment:  kevin
comment:  jim
comment:  jim
comment:  david
comment:  david
comment:  david
comment:  john
comment:  john
comment:  tom
comment:  george
comment:  george
comment:  michael
comment:  michael
comment:  tom
comment:  tom
comment:  steve
comment:  tom
comment:  michelle
comment:  michelle
comment:  robert
comment:  michael
comment:  paul
comment:  paul
comment:  david
comment:  david
comment:  george
comment:  brian
comment:  michael
comment:  michael


cluster  44 :
comment:  eagle
comment:  creek
comment:  american
comment:  eagle
comment:  dot
comment:  march
comment:  swiss
comment:  scout
comment:  cape
comment:  scout
comment:  swiss


cluster  45 :
comment:  kurt
comment:  harvey
comment:  kurt
comment:  shawn
comment:  shawn
comment:  shawn
comment:  karl
comment:  ronald
comment:  shawn
comment:  cindy
comment:  shelly
comment:  andrews
comment:  shawn
comment:  shawn
comment:  walter
comment:  walter
comment:  rebecca
comment:  margaret
comment:  margaret
comment:  patricia
comment:  patricia
comment:  andreas
comment:  andrea
comment:  deborah
comment:  nathan
comment:  nathan
comment:  joan
comment:  ronald
comment:  ronald
comment:  joel
comment:  margaret
comment:  nina
comment:  peggy
comment:  nathan
comment:  nathan
comment:  shelly
comment:  shelly
comment:  ronald
comment:  ronald
comment:  shawn
comment:  margaret
comment:  margaret
comment:  jonathan


cluster  46 :
comment:  sound
comment:  sound
comment:  sound
comment:  sound
comment:  sound
comment:  sound
comment:  sound
comment:  sound
comment:  sound


cluster  47 :
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice


cluster  48 :
comment:  healthy
comment:  poor
comment:  rich
comment:  confident
comment:  naturally
comment:  equally
comment:  seemingly
comment:  heart
comment:  treat
comment:  inspire
comment:  heart
comment:  rich
comment:  excitement
comment:  deep
comment:  atmosphere
comment:  talent
comment:  mood


cluster  49 :
comment:  absolutely
comment:  kind
comment:  definitely
comment:  mention
comment:  definitely
comment:  lot
comment:  definitely
comment:  lot
comment:  obviously
comment:  definitely
comment:  certainly
comment:  interesting
comment:  lot
comment:  kind
comment:  especially
comment:  probably
comment:  mention
comment:  lot
comment:  definitely
comment:  kind
comment:  certainly
comment:  definitely


cluster  50 :
comment:  echt
comment:  echt
comment:  heb
comment:  mooi
comment:  zo
comment:  echt
comment:  niet
comment:  deze
comment:  anders
comment:  maar
comment:  niet
comment:  zo
comment:  dus
comment:  niet
comment:  zijn
comment:  mijn
comment:  maar
comment:  heb
comment:  meer
comment:  maar
comment:  toch
comment:  niet
comment:  goed
comment:  maar
comment:  niet
comment:  zo
comment:  maar
comment:  dus
comment:  maar
comment:  geen
comment:  niet


cluster  51 :
comment:  lr
comment:  wale
comment:  schweiz
comment:  schweiz
comment:  lr
comment:  nr
comment:  nr
comment:  lr
comment:  lr


cluster  52 :
comment:  nik
comment:  meen
comment:  danke
comment:  markus
comment:  danke
comment:  enzo
comment:  ros
comment:  enzo
comment:  keren
comment:  bild
comment:  andi
comment:  nik
comment:  aamir
comment:  nik
comment:  kamal
comment:  kamal
comment:  enzo
comment:  ros
comment:  nik
comment:  markus
comment:  markus


cluster  53 :
comment:  evening
comment:  trip
comment:  visit
comment:  attend
comment:  visit
comment:  visit
comment:  visit
comment:  trip
comment:  trip
comment:  trip
comment:  trip
comment:  trip
comment:  visit
comment:  trip


cluster  54 :
comment:  mountain
comment:  coast
comment:  sea
comment:  sand
comment:  south
comment:  beach
comment:  east
comment:  coast
comment:  coast
comment:  south
comment:  shore
comment:  park
comment:  east
comment:  coast


cluster  55 :
comment:  welcome
comment:  welcome
comment:  pleased
comment:  welcome
comment:  invite
comment:  welcome
comment:  welcome
comment:  welcome
comment:  welcome
comment:  welcome
comment:  invite
comment:  dear


cluster  56 :
comment:  fantastic
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  fantastic
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  fantastic
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  fantastic
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful


cluster  57 :
comment:  ooooh
comment:  liitle
comment:  pitty
comment:  crackin
comment:  steed
comment:  wll
comment:  yesss


cluster  58 :
comment:  ben
comment:  april
comment:  ben
comment:  ben
comment:  ben
comment:  april
comment:  potter
comment:  april
comment:  ana
comment:  ben
comment:  pa


cluster  59 :
comment:  meet
comment:  meet
comment:  meet
comment:  meet
comment:  meet
comment:  meet
comment:  meet
comment:  meet
comment:  meet
comment:  meet
comment:  meet
comment:  meet


cluster  60 :
comment:  wait
comment:  excited
comment:  friend
comment:  hear
comment:  friend
comment:  friend
comment:  hear
comment:  hear
comment:  friend
comment:  hopefully
comment:  excited
comment:  wish
comment:  friend
comment:  hear


cluster  61 :
comment:  shot
comment:  shot
comment:  shoot
comment:  shoot
comment:  shoot
comment:  shoot
comment:  shot
comment:  shot
comment:  shot
comment:  shot
comment:  shot
comment:  shot
comment:  camera
comment:  shoot
comment:  shot
comment:  shot
comment:  shot
comment:  shooting
comment:  shooting


cluster  62 :
comment:  hou
comment:  als
comment:  als
comment:  nl
comment:  voor
comment:  voor
comment:  als
comment:  hier
comment:  voor
comment:  hou
comment:  voor
comment:  zit
comment:  aan


cluster  63 :
comment:  leave
comment:  right
comment:  place
comment:  long
comment:  come
comment:  people
comment:  come
comment:  place
comment:  come
comment:  point
comment:  place
comment:  right
comment:  able
comment:  rest
comment:  come
comment:  long
comment:  try
comment:  right
comment:  long
comment:  bring
comment:  expect
comment:  come
comment:  simply
comment:  long
comment:  people
comment:  need
comment:  long
comment:  need
comment:  come
comment:  mind
comment:  chance
comment:  end
comment:  mind
comment:  right


cluster  64 :
comment:  look
comment:  look
comment:  look
comment:  look
comment:  look
comment:  look
comment:  look
comment:  look
comment:  look
comment:  look
comment:  look
comment:  look
comment:  look
comment:  look
comment:  look


cluster  65 :
comment:  photographic
comment:  landscape
comment:  landscape
comment:  landscape
comment:  landscape
comment:  landscape
comment:  landscape
comment:  urban
comment:  landscape
comment:  landscape
comment:  landscape


cluster  66 :
comment:  size
comment:  square
comment:  square
comment:  size
comment:  square
comment:  historic


cluster  67 :
comment:  inspiring
comment:  superb
comment:  excellent
comment:  excellent
comment:  perfect
comment:  superb
comment:  perfect
comment:  excellent
comment:  excellent
comment:  perfect
comment:  superb
comment:  excellent
comment:  terrific
comment:  perfect
comment:  marvelous
comment:  excellent
comment:  superb


cluster  68 :
comment:  week
comment:  later
comment:  year
comment:  year
comment:  year
comment:  year
comment:  beginning
comment:  despite
comment:  year
comment:  year
comment:  late
comment:  beginning
comment:  week
comment:  year
comment:  year
comment:  second
comment:  late
comment:  week


cluster  69 :
comment:  clear
comment:  choice
comment:  short
comment:  small
comment:  add
comment:  choice
comment:  fit
comment:  extra
comment:  fit
comment:  choice
comment:  add
comment:  expensive
comment:  short
comment:  worth
comment:  special
comment:  add
comment:  easy
comment:  extra
comment:  worth
comment:  easy
comment:  add


cluster  70 :
comment:  manual
comment:  journal
comment:  editor
comment:  category
comment:  freight
comment:  editor
comment:  shield
comment:  editor
comment:  replacement
comment:  anchor
comment:  processing
comment:  dual
comment:  anchor
comment:  chain
comment:  arrest
comment:  yearly
comment:  pipeline


cluster  71 :
comment:  dank
comment:  dank
comment:  dank
comment:  dank
comment:  dank
comment:  dank


cluster  72 :
comment:  beloved
comment:  disappoint
comment:  nervous
comment:  firstly
comment:  sister
comment:  honor
comment:  sister
comment:  spoiled
comment:  peace
comment:  spoiled
comment:  nap
comment:  cheer
comment:  cheer


cluster  73 :
comment:  yes
comment:  stupid
comment:  yes
comment:  yes
comment:  sorry
comment:  yes
comment:  yes
comment:  yes
comment:  yes
comment:  sorry
comment:  yes
comment:  yes


cluster  74 :
comment:  exposure
comment:  population
comment:  exposure
comment:  exposure
comment:  dramatically
comment:  exposure
comment:  exposure
comment:  exposure


cluster  75 :
comment:  gedachten
comment:  resultaat
comment:  turkije
comment:  meerdere
comment:  verkeerd
comment:  ervaren
comment:  haast
comment:  ermee
comment:  sneller
comment:  lukt
comment:  visie
comment:  mezelf
comment:  sneeuw
comment:  algemene
comment:  visie
comment:  drukken
comment:  mezelf
comment:  grens
comment:  verkeerd


cluster  76 :
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  appreciate
comment:  happy
comment:  glad
comment:  happy
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  hope
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  hope
comment:  glad
comment:  appreciate
comment:  glad
comment:  glad


cluster  77 :
CAPTION: fly
comment:  door
comment:  tip
comment:  ball
comment:  cover
comment:  tip
comment:  line
comment:  line
comment:  finish
comment:  plus
comment:  type
comment:  stretch
comment:  heavy
comment:  cover
comment:  tip
comment:  line
comment:  minute
comment:  match
comment:  double
comment:  minute
comment:  door
comment:  bump
comment:  driving
comment:  left
comment:  tip
fly 	0.26346242


cluster  78 :
CAPTION: large
comment:  event
comment:  local
comment:  provide
comment:  community
comment:  addition
comment:  large
comment:  professional
comment:  large
comment:  outstanding
comment:  quality
comment:  local
comment:  include
comment:  professional
comment:  benefit
comment:  professional
comment:  professional
comment:  highly
comment:  local
large 	0.443677705195


cluster  79 :
comment:  coastline
comment:  coastline
comment:  coastline
comment:  southwest
comment:  coastal
comment:  fortress
comment:  coastline


cluster  80 :
comment:  monochrome
comment:  monochrome
comment:  tonality
comment:  thumbnail
comment:  monochrome
comment:  monochrome


cluster  81 :
comment:  cloud
comment:  sunrise
comment:  distant
comment:  sky
comment:  horizon
comment:  horizon
comment:  storm
comment:  horizon
comment:  fascination
comment:  unpredictable
comment:  horizon
comment:  mystical


cluster  82 :
comment:  wel
comment:  wel
comment:  wel
comment:  wel
comment:  mee
comment:  wel
comment:  wel
comment:  wel
comment:  wel


cluster  83 :
comment:  dreamy
comment:  butt
comment:  raw
comment:  meat
comment:  ice
comment:  gem
comment:  dreamy
comment:  white
comment:  soft
comment:  smell
comment:  grey
comment:  raw
comment:  chocolate
comment:  wood
comment:  pure
comment:  humor
comment:  soothing
comment:  pure


cluster  84 :
comment:  ve
comment:  die
comment:  ton
comment:  die
comment:  ve
comment:  ve


cluster  85 :
comment:  car
comment:  fish
comment:  fishing
comment:  boat
comment:  boat
comment:  boat
comment:  bike
comment:  bike
comment:  boat
comment:  boat
comment:  water
comment:  boat
comment:  trail
comment:  boat


cluster  86 :
comment:  composition
comment:  interpretation
comment:  composition
comment:  composition
comment:  composition
comment:  composition
comment:  composition
comment:  composition
comment:  composition


cluster  87 :
comment:  stunning
comment:  stunning
comment:  beautifully
comment:  stunning
comment:  stunning
comment:  magnificent


cluster  88 :
comment:  study
comment:  patient
comment:  timing
comment:  worldwide
comment:  recognise
comment:  weekly
comment:  feeding
comment:  stream
comment:  shift
comment:  select
comment:  daily
comment:  daily
comment:  currently
comment:  workshop
comment:  interpret
comment:  select
comment:  daily
comment:  daily
comment:  connection
comment:  region
comment:  version
comment:  feed
comment:  host
comment:  input
comment:  select
comment:  memory
comment:  select
comment:  input
comment:  uncover
comment:  workshop


cluster  89 :
comment:  het
comment:  het
comment:  een
comment:  ook
comment:  nog
comment:  een
comment:  ook
comment:  een
comment:  ook
comment:  het
comment:  het
comment:  een
comment:  nog
comment:  het
comment:  nog
comment:  ook
comment:  het


cluster  90 :
comment:  new
comment:  plan
comment:  new
comment:  present
comment:  new
comment:  hold
comment:  hold
comment:  open
comment:  hold
comment:  plan
comment:  new
comment:  explore


cluster  91 :
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love


cluster  92 :
comment:  life
comment:  world
comment:  world
comment:  dream
comment:  journey
comment:  world
comment:  live
comment:  country
comment:  live
comment:  world
comment:  world
comment:  country


cluster  93 :
comment:  beauty
comment:  scenery
comment:  beauty
comment:  beauty
comment:  beauty
comment:  beauty
comment:  magical


cluster  94 :
comment:  refreshing
comment:  refreshing
comment:  clean
comment:  nicely
comment:  piece
comment:  warm
comment:  fine
comment:  unusual
comment:  neat


cluster  95 :
comment:  seascape
comment:  seascape
comment:  seascape


cluster  96 :
comment:  www
comment:  com
comment:  www
comment:  www
comment:  com


cluster  97 :
comment:  marina
comment:  marina
comment:  marina
comment:  cove


cluster  98 :
comment:  gittan
comment:  gittan
comment:  gittan
comment:  gittan
comment:  gittan
comment:  gittan
comment:  gittan


cluster  99 :
comment:  view
comment:  location
comment:  background
comment:  highlight
comment:  view
comment:  view
comment:  detail
comment:  location
comment:  highlight
comment:  view
comment:  detail
comment:  view
comment:  detail
comment:  location


cluster  100 :
comment:  xxx
comment:  amateur
comment:  amateur
comment:  amateur
comment:  amateur
comment:  pro


cluster  101 :
comment:  day
comment:  day
comment:  weekend
comment:  day
comment:  day
comment:  weekend
comment:  day
comment:  day


cluster  102 :
comment:  change
comment:  change
comment:  tend
comment:  change
comment:  change
comment:  normal
comment:  use
comment:  different


cluster  103 :
comment:  think
comment:  want
comment:  let
comment:  know
comment:  sure
comment:  way
comment:  want
comment:  want
comment:  think
comment:  know
comment:  let
comment:  know
comment:  sure
comment:  want
comment:  want
comment:  want
comment:  sure
comment:  thing
comment:  know
comment:  maybe
comment:  know
comment:  know
comment:  sure
comment:  wonder
comment:  know
comment:  think
comment:  let
comment:  thing
comment:  sure
comment:  tell
comment:  imagine
comment:  know
comment:  way
comment:  think
comment:  way
comment:  know


cluster  104 :
comment:  nope
comment:  nope
comment:  ow
comment:  ps
comment:  hahah
comment:  ps
comment:  ps
comment:  ps
comment:  ow


cluster  105 :
comment:  nearby
comment:  ship
comment:  ship
comment:  captain
comment:  captain
comment:  ship
comment:  ship
comment:  near


cluster  106 :
comment:  enkel
comment:  gelijk
comment:  hebt
comment:  vragen
comment:  geweest
comment:  namelijk
comment:  klaar
comment:  naast
comment:  helpen
comment:  vragen
comment:  aantal
comment:  dingen
comment:  zullen
comment:  elkaar
comment:  krijgen
comment:  meeste
comment:  inmiddels
comment:  klaar
comment:  nodig
comment:  binnenkort
comment:  valt
comment:  gebruiken
comment:  werken
comment:  werkt
comment:  enkel
comment:  gebruiken
comment:  inderdaad
comment:  binnenkort


cluster  107 :
comment:  sujet
comment:  gris
comment:  parfaite
comment:  parfaite
comment:  sujet
comment:  gris
comment:  histoire


cluster  108 :
comment:  tot
comment:  te
comment:  te
comment:  te
comment:  foto
comment:  te
comment:  te
comment:  te


cluster  109 :
comment:  rock
comment:  hop
comment:  rock
comment:  folk
comment:  rock
comment:  grand
comment:  wild

101373961279443806744.5661395120446335522
a man flying through the air while riding a snowboard 

matrix comment dim (276, 276)


cluster  0 :
comment:  color
comment:  colour
comment:  colour
comment:  color
comment:  color
comment:  colour
comment:  color
comment:  color
comment:  color


cluster  1 :
comment:  russ
comment:  barnes
comment:  carey
comment:  simone
comment:  nora
comment:  nora
comment:  murphy
comment:  oakley
comment:  clarke
comment:  victor


cluster  2 :
comment:  happy
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  miss
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  appreciate
comment:  love
comment:  appreciate
comment:  hope


cluster  3 :
CAPTION: man
CAPTION: fly
comment:  house
comment:  house
comment:  live
comment:  hide
comment:  home
comment:  heaven
comment:  coffee
comment:  cold
comment:  warm
comment:  land
comment:  touch
comment:  island
comment:  live
man 	0.3555309
fly 	0.28057843


cluster  4 :
CAPTION: air
CAPTION: snowboard
comment:  fog
comment:  nearby
comment:  elf
comment:  cloud
comment:  twin
comment:  peak
comment:  silhouette
comment:  fog
comment:  mountainous
comment:  illuminate
comment:  cloud
comment:  peak
air 	0.27394137
snowboard 	0.14219196


cluster  5 :
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg


cluster  6 :
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  glad
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  glad
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank


cluster  7 :
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  henrik
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan


cluster  8 :
comment:  time
comment:  wait
comment:  right
comment:  true
comment:  soon
comment:  guess
comment:  lot
comment:  hard
comment:  believe
comment:  friend
comment:  check
comment:  work
comment:  totally
comment:  stuff
comment:  work
comment:  stop
comment:  check
comment:  work
comment:  yes
comment:  try
comment:  reason


cluster  9 :
comment:  beautiful
comment:  gorgeous
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  stunning
comment:  beautiful


cluster  10 :
comment:  mountain
comment:  mountain
comment:  mountain
comment:  mountain
comment:  mountain
comment:  mountain
comment:  mountain


cluster  11 :
comment:  light
comment:  light
comment:  lighting
comment:  light
comment:  light
comment:  eye
comment:  light


cluster  12 :
comment:  azamali
comment:  de
comment:  rooij
comment:  sochanowski
comment:  ewert
comment:  agaisnt
comment:  markiewicz
comment:  bezrukov
comment:  notification


cluster  13 :
comment:  gagnon
comment:  baig
comment:  thanh
comment:  nhan
comment:  linke
comment:  gagnon
comment:  anas
comment:  swanepoel
comment:  christoph
comment:  beve
comment:  maciej
comment:  gola
comment:  morte
comment:  trinh


cluster  14 :
CAPTION: rid
comment:  buy
comment:  drama
comment:  hour
comment:  win
comment:  sell
comment:  sale
comment:  regularly
comment:  shot
comment:  shot
comment:  comp
comment:  late
rid 	0.23198618


cluster  15 :
comment:  comment
comment:  feedback
comment:  comment
comment:  comment
comment:  comment
comment:  respond


cluster  16 :
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like


cluster  17 :
comment:  francis
comment:  paul
comment:  peter
comment:  francis
comment:  carol
comment:  neil
comment:  daniel
comment:  clark
comment:  melissa
comment:  richard
comment:  carol
comment:  richard
comment:  robin
comment:  joseph


cluster  18 :
comment:  atmosphere
comment:  capture
comment:  refreshing
comment:  view
comment:  view
comment:  image
comment:  subject
comment:  balance
comment:  image
comment:  composition
comment:  effect
comment:  composition
comment:  portfolio
comment:  dramatic


cluster  19 :
comment:  scenery
comment:  scenery
comment:  scenery
comment:  landscape
comment:  scenery
comment:  landscape


cluster  20 :
comment:  cesar
comment:  alamo
comment:  fantasyland
comment:  nguyen
comment:  athena
comment:  camara
comment:  ahmad
comment:  andersen
comment:  danke
comment:  francesco


cluster  21 :
comment:  blue
comment:  blue
comment:  golden
comment:  sunset
comment:  brown
comment:  sky
comment:  blue
comment:  sky
comment:  sky


cluster  22 :
comment:  plenty
comment:  place
comment:  possible
comment:  use
comment:  different
comment:  excellent
comment:  different
comment:  plenty
comment:  different
comment:  different


cluster  23 :
comment:  silhouetted
comment:  mountian
comment:  silhouetted
comment:  alps


cluster  24 :
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  nice
comment:  fantastic
comment:  nice
comment:  fantastic
comment:  amazing
comment:  wonderful
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  cool
comment:  nice


cluster  25 :
comment:  lol
comment:  hah
comment:  wow
comment:  lol
comment:  hug


cluster  26 :
comment:  share
comment:  outstanding
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  special
comment:  future

101373961279443806744.5685298298113387666
a large body of water with a bird on it 

matrix comment dim (1424, 1424)


cluster  0 :
comment:  shot
comment:  shot
comment:  shot
comment:  shoot
comment:  shot
comment:  shot
comment:  shot
comment:  shot
comment:  shot
comment:  shot
comment:  shoot
comment:  shot
comment:  shot
comment:  shot
comment:  shoot
comment:  shot
comment:  shoot


cluster  1 :
comment:  lenght
comment:  vist
comment:  hashtag
comment:  dank
comment:  je
comment:  wel
comment:  superbe
comment:  slighty
comment:  vist
comment:  usd
comment:  lupe
comment:  fixable
comment:  de
comment:  les
comment:  ff
comment:  fixable
comment:  usd
comment:  fixable
comment:  klutz
comment:  ff
comment:  sus
comment:  es
comment:  una
comment:  mi
comment:  fg


cluster  2 :
comment:  wonder
comment:  think
comment:  think
comment:  know
comment:  thing
comment:  know
comment:  know
comment:  know
comment:  thing
comment:  think
comment:  maybe
comment:  thought
comment:  know
comment:  think
comment:  guess
comment:  guess
comment:  think
comment:  imagine
comment:  thing
comment:  guess
comment:  remember
comment:  maybe
comment:  know


cluster  3 :
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan


cluster  4 :
comment:  clear
comment:  clear
comment:  clear
comment:  clear
comment:  choice
comment:  clear
comment:  clear
comment:  choice
comment:  clear
comment:  clear
comment:  point


cluster  5 :
comment:  john
comment:  james
comment:  john
comment:  john
comment:  robert
comment:  lee
comment:  john
comment:  john
comment:  tony
comment:  john
comment:  lee
comment:  lee
comment:  john
comment:  lee
comment:  john
comment:  peter
comment:  sarah
comment:  lee
comment:  john
comment:  martin
comment:  john
comment:  robert
comment:  sam
comment:  eric
comment:  john
comment:  eric


cluster  6 :
comment:  dear
comment:  welcome
comment:  welcome
comment:  friend
comment:  goodness
comment:  friend
comment:  dear
comment:  friend
comment:  joy
comment:  mate
comment:  friend


cluster  7 :
comment:  notificationsso
comment:  charnley
comment:  krietsch
comment:  oshaughnessy
comment:  haferland
comment:  clingan
comment:  rousher
comment:  spenner
comment:  markiewicz
comment:  vignett
comment:  rnstr
comment:  pechmann
comment:  esseboom
comment:  vignett
comment:  gospodarou
comment:  hicker
comment:  autsch
comment:  naturemonday
comment:  tjintjelaar
comment:  tomaszewicz
comment:  setiawan
comment:  schitterend
comment:  pvk
comment:  markiewicz
comment:  mcgibbon
comment:  nothey
comment:  autsch
comment:  naturemonday
comment:  haferland
comment:  dric
comment:  leblond
comment:  marumi
comment:  rosamunde
comment:  outsch
comment:  allround
comment:  krietsch
comment:  markiewicz
comment:  hochban
comment:  levano
comment:  rooij
comment:  spenner
comment:  vignett
comment:  vignett
comment:  heliopan
comment:  tarskov
comment:  weinreich
comment:  skreiner
comment:  heliopan
comment:  rousset
comment:  marumi
comment:  heliopan
comment:  publicacione
comment:  gozada
comment:  contemplarla
comment:  felicitaci
comment:  redwillow
comment:  ewert
comment:  davorin
comment:  mirrormonday
comment:  castremanne
comment:  meynoush
comment:  badeh
comment:  parast


cluster  8 :
comment:  lens
comment:  lens
comment:  lens
comment:  lens
comment:  lens
comment:  lens
comment:  lens
comment:  lens
comment:  lens
comment:  lens
comment:  lens
comment:  lens
comment:  lens
comment:  lens
comment:  lens
comment:  lens
comment:  lens
comment:  lens
comment:  lens
comment:  lens
comment:  lens
comment:  lens
comment:  lens
comment:  lens
comment:  lens
comment:  lens
comment:  lens
comment:  lens
comment:  lens
comment:  lens
comment:  lens
comment:  lens
comment:  lens
comment:  lens
comment:  lens
comment:  lens
comment:  lens
comment:  lens
comment:  lens
comment:  lens
comment:  lens
comment:  lens
comment:  lens
comment:  lens
comment:  lens
comment:  lens
comment:  lens
comment:  lens
comment:  lens
comment:  lens


cluster  9 :
comment:  sale
comment:  button
comment:  splash
comment:  wave
comment:  floor
comment:  travel
comment:  bubble
comment:  bubble
comment:  floor
comment:  ship
comment:  gear
comment:  cloud
comment:  crack
comment:  center
comment:  bag
comment:  prime
comment:  cover
comment:  mid
comment:  slim
comment:  gear
comment:  pet
comment:  pet
comment:  double
comment:  near
comment:  slim
comment:  air
comment:  slim
comment:  air


cluster  10 :
comment:  mm
comment:  mm
comment:  mm
comment:  mm
comment:  mm
comment:  mm
comment:  mm
comment:  mm
comment:  mm
comment:  mm
comment:  mm
comment:  mm
comment:  mm
comment:  mm
comment:  mm
comment:  mm
comment:  mm
comment:  mm
comment:  mm
comment:  mm
comment:  mm
comment:  mm
comment:  mm
comment:  mm


cluster  11 :
comment:  learn
comment:  careful
comment:  decide
comment:  describe
comment:  convince
comment:  read
comment:  interested
comment:  check
comment:  learn
comment:  learn
comment:  job
comment:  learn
comment:  important
comment:  help


cluster  12 :
comment:  dunne
comment:  eustace
comment:  dunne
comment:  rolf
comment:  dunne
comment:  hendrick
comment:  patrice
comment:  dunne
comment:  maru
comment:  wirth
comment:  patrice
comment:  dunne
comment:  dunne
comment:  dunne
comment:  beverley
comment:  maru
comment:  dunne
comment:  francesco
comment:  sinead
comment:  dunne


cluster  13 :
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  fantastic
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  amazing
comment:  fantastic
comment:  wonderful


cluster  14 :
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg


cluster  15 :
comment:  fix
comment:  fix
comment:  fix
comment:  fix
comment:  problem
comment:  fix
comment:  problem
comment:  fix
comment:  fix
comment:  fix
comment:  fix
comment:  fix
comment:  fix
comment:  fix
comment:  fix
comment:  fix
comment:  fix
comment:  fix
comment:  fix
comment:  fix
comment:  fix
comment:  fix
comment:  fix
comment:  fix
comment:  fix
comment:  fix


cluster  16 :
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank


cluster  17 :
comment:  worry
comment:  understand
comment:  hopefully
comment:  mistake
comment:  understand
comment:  worry
comment:  worry
comment:  happen
comment:  doubt
comment:  bother
comment:  reason
comment:  worry
comment:  afraid
comment:  hopefully
comment:  bad
comment:  worry
comment:  hopefully
comment:  happen
comment:  bad
comment:  hopefully
comment:  believe
comment:  happen


cluster  18 :
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image


cluster  19 :
comment:  special
comment:  new
comment:  new
comment:  home
comment:  new
comment:  home
comment:  new
comment:  new
comment:  special
comment:  new
comment:  new
comment:  new


cluster  20 :
comment:  weak
comment:  case
comment:  intact
comment:  modify
comment:  weak
comment:  case
comment:  investment
comment:  search
comment:  insurance
comment:  replace
comment:  subsequently
comment:  damage
comment:  service
comment:  current
comment:  include
comment:  currently
comment:  significant
comment:  replace
comment:  version
comment:  adapt
comment:  solution
comment:  ideally
comment:  broad
comment:  review
comment:  convenient
comment:  include
comment:  organize
comment:  regularly
comment:  description
comment:  base
comment:  damage
comment:  alternative
comment:  load
comment:  test
comment:  system


cluster  21 :
comment:  tough
comment:  close
comment:  pick
comment:  real
comment:  close
comment:  broken
comment:  attempt
comment:  poor
comment:  away
comment:  eventually
comment:  break
comment:  stick
comment:  turn
comment:  end
comment:  close
comment:  half
comment:  ready
comment:  half
comment:  earlier
comment:  break
comment:  stop
comment:  hand
comment:  break


cluster  22 :
comment:  miss
comment:  sad
comment:  pity
comment:  miss
comment:  pity
comment:  hurt
comment:  awful
comment:  crazy
comment:  sad
comment:  sad
comment:  sad
comment:  guy
comment:  cry
comment:  stupid
comment:  honest


cluster  23 :
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment


cluster  24 :
comment:  costa
comment:  charlotte
comment:  costa
comment:  louis
comment:  swiss
comment:  costa
comment:  hampton
comment:  st
comment:  ii


cluster  25 :
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  better
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  better
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good


cluster  26 :
CAPTION: large
comment:  high
comment:  focus
comment:  longer
comment:  change
comment:  properly
comment:  easily
comment:  correct
comment:  safe
comment:  high
comment:  create
comment:  easily
comment:  fit
comment:  quickly
comment:  fully
comment:  similar
comment:  set
comment:  different
comment:  easily
comment:  easily
comment:  fit
comment:  easily
comment:  completely
comment:  small
comment:  easily
comment:  exact
comment:  set
comment:  relatively
comment:  certain
comment:  clean
comment:  quickly
comment:  add
comment:  longer
comment:  different
large 	0.42112052


cluster  27 :
comment:  cpl
comment:  cpl
comment:  cpl
comment:  cpl
comment:  cpl
comment:  cpl
comment:  cpl
comment:  cpl
comment:  cpl
comment:  cpl
comment:  cpl
comment:  cpl
comment:  cpl
comment:  cpl
comment:  cpl


cluster  28 :
comment:  gerard
comment:  athena
comment:  laurent
comment:  gemma
comment:  therese
comment:  gemma
comment:  joanna
comment:  kermit
comment:  nora
comment:  athena
comment:  gemma
comment:  kermit
comment:  kermit
comment:  kermit
comment:  unrepeatable
comment:  ballard


cluster  29 :
comment:  oh
comment:  oh
comment:  oh
comment:  btw
comment:  oh
comment:  yup
comment:  oh
comment:  oh
comment:  oh
comment:  wow
comment:  haha
comment:  hi
comment:  oh
comment:  oh
comment:  god


cluster  30 :
comment:  pic
comment:  photograph
comment:  pic
comment:  picture
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photographer
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo


cluster  31 :
comment:  drop
comment:  drop
comment:  drop
comment:  drop
comment:  drop
comment:  drop
comment:  drop
comment:  drop
comment:  drop
comment:  drop
comment:  drop
comment:  dropping
comment:  drop
comment:  drop
comment:  drop
comment:  drop


cluster  32 :
comment:  hit
comment:  weekend
comment:  world
comment:  taste
comment:  scene
comment:  story
comment:  favourite
comment:  play
comment:  sound
comment:  history
comment:  scene
comment:  favorite
comment:  scene
comment:  super
comment:  weekend
comment:  weekend
comment:  summer
comment:  walk
comment:  holiday
comment:  scene
comment:  live
comment:  year
comment:  fresh


cluster  33 :
comment:  hope
comment:  hope
comment:  hope
comment:  hope
comment:  hope
comment:  hope
comment:  hope
comment:  hope
comment:  hope
comment:  hope
comment:  hope
comment:  hope
comment:  hope
comment:  hope
comment:  happy
comment:  glad
comment:  hope
comment:  hope
comment:  hope
comment:  hope
comment:  hope
comment:  glad
comment:  hope
comment:  hope
comment:  wish
comment:  hope
comment:  glad
comment:  hope
comment:  hope
comment:  hope
comment:  hope
comment:  hope
comment:  glad
comment:  hope
comment:  hope
comment:  hope


cluster  34 :
comment:  big
comment:  look
comment:  stuff
comment:  pretty
comment:  especially
comment:  totally
comment:  exactly
comment:  big
comment:  look
comment:  little
comment:  little
comment:  definitely
comment:  lot
comment:  absolutely
comment:  perfect
comment:  interesting
comment:  lot
comment:  look
comment:  stuff
comment:  certainly
comment:  look
comment:  absolutely
comment:  absolutely
comment:  definitely
comment:  look


cluster  35 :
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love


cluster  36 :
CAPTION: bird
comment:  blue
comment:  sky
comment:  rock
comment:  lake
comment:  stone
comment:  stone
comment:  rock
comment:  mountain
comment:  hop
comment:  mountain
comment:  rock
comment:  funky
comment:  mountain
comment:  sky
bird 	0.34593424


cluster  37 :
comment:  moss
comment:  zillion
comment:  backpack
comment:  tumble
comment:  comp
comment:  sparkly
comment:  ed
comment:  max
comment:  grad
comment:  com
comment:  frog
comment:  sickly
comment:  mile


cluster  38 :
comment:  time
comment:  moment
comment:  come
comment:  finally
comment:  right
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  try
comment:  bring
comment:  possible
comment:  life
comment:  rest
comment:  right
comment:  able
comment:  long
comment:  time
comment:  time
comment:  soon
comment:  difficult
comment:  right
comment:  work
comment:  moment
comment:  work
comment:  find
comment:  come
comment:  work
comment:  find
comment:  soon
comment:  long
comment:  time
comment:  right
comment:  find
comment:  come
comment:  day
comment:  work
comment:  bring
comment:  find
comment:  soon
comment:  soon
comment:  come
comment:  able
comment:  day
comment:  work
comment:  right
comment:  find
comment:  day
comment:  right


cluster  39 :
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  sweet
comment:  lovely
comment:  lovely
comment:  beautiful
comment:  gorgeous
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  sweet
comment:  lovely
comment:  beautiful
comment:  lovely
comment:  beautiful


cluster  40 :
comment:  compose
comment:  clarity
comment:  processing
comment:  purity
comment:  purity
comment:  transparency
comment:  clarity
comment:  supplement
comment:  composition
comment:  transparency
comment:  crop
comment:  crop
comment:  notification
comment:  transparency


cluster  41 :
comment:  camara
comment:  polarizer
comment:  slr
comment:  dropper
comment:  tamron
comment:  polarizer
comment:  vignetting
comment:  polarizer
comment:  pano
comment:  vignetting
comment:  nikon


cluster  42 :
comment:  use
comment:  use
comment:  use
comment:  use
comment:  use
comment:  use
comment:  use
comment:  use
comment:  use
comment:  use
comment:  use
comment:  use
comment:  use
comment:  use


cluster  43 :
comment:  repair
comment:  repair
comment:  repair
comment:  replacement
comment:  repair
comment:  repair
comment:  repair
comment:  repair
comment:  repair
comment:  repairing


cluster  44 :
comment:  holder
comment:  slot
comment:  holder
comment:  holder
comment:  barrel
comment:  holder
comment:  holder
comment:  holder
comment:  holder
comment:  slot
comment:  slot
comment:  kit


cluster  45 :
comment:  ok
comment:  sorry
comment:  yes
comment:  sorry
comment:  yeah
comment:  ok
comment:  ok
comment:  sorry
comment:  sorry
comment:  sorry
comment:  sorry
comment:  sorry
comment:  ok
comment:  ok
comment:  yes
comment:  yes
comment:  sorry
comment:  luck
comment:  luck
comment:  yes
comment:  ok
comment:  yes
comment:  sorry
comment:  luck
comment:  yes
comment:  sorry
comment:  yes


cluster  46 :
comment:  share
comment:  positive
comment:  meet
comment:  send
comment:  today
comment:  post
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  post
comment:  link
comment:  visit
comment:  join
comment:  share
comment:  share


cluster  47 :
CAPTION: body
comment:  cross
comment:  finger
comment:  mark
comment:  body
comment:  circle
comment:  circle
comment:  circle
comment:  finger
comment:  cross
comment:  screw
comment:  circle
comment:  finger
comment:  cross
comment:  finger
comment:  cross
comment:  bounce
comment:  finger
comment:  cross
comment:  magic
comment:  punch
body 	0.353917528689


cluster  48 :
comment:  agree
comment:  hear
comment:  remind
comment:  hear
comment:  hear
comment:  hear
comment:  hear
comment:  hear
comment:  hear
comment:  hear


cluster  49 :
comment:  expensive
comment:  order
comment:  buy
comment:  save
comment:  sell
comment:  pay
comment:  expensive
comment:  sell
comment:  cost
comment:  buy
comment:  sell
comment:  pay
comment:  cost
comment:  buy
comment:  cost
comment:  cost
comment:  buy
comment:  price
comment:  cost
comment:  low
comment:  low


cluster  50 :
comment:  hard
comment:  decent
comment:  bit
comment:  bit
comment:  usual
comment:  bunch
comment:  bunch
comment:  bit
comment:  bit
comment:  usual
comment:  bit
comment:  bit
comment:  bit
comment:  bunch
comment:  fine
comment:  bit
comment:  fine


cluster  51 :
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like


cluster  52 :
comment:  nice
comment:  cool
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  awesome
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  cool
comment:  nice
comment:  cool
comment:  nice
comment:  awesome


cluster  53 :
comment:  apologize
comment:  news
comment:  news
comment:  comment
comment:  yesterday
comment:  comment
comment:  don
comment:  lesson
comment:  win
comment:  lesson
comment:  news
comment:  don
comment:  quote
comment:  lesson
comment:  news
comment:  freak


cluster  54 :
comment:  carey
comment:  elizabeth
comment:  edwards
comment:  alan
comment:  neil
comment:  simon
comment:  patricia
comment:  julia
comment:  anna
comment:  joel
comment:  charles
comment:  simon
comment:  charles
comment:  charles
comment:  kurt
comment:  harvey
comment:  carol
comment:  richard
comment:  stuart
comment:  williams
comment:  nathan
comment:  simon
comment:  morris
comment:  simon
comment:  charles
comment:  carey
comment:  charles
comment:  kerry
comment:  murphy
comment:  simon
comment:  moore
comment:  kurt
comment:  harvey
comment:  francis
comment:  simon
comment:  kerry
comment:  murphy
comment:  lisa
comment:  daniel
comment:  richard
comment:  murphy
comment:  francis


cluster  55 :
comment:  monday
comment:  christmas
comment:  ebay
comment:  bummer
comment:  ebay
comment:  nd
comment:  nd
comment:  nd
comment:  ouch
comment:  ouch
comment:  ah
comment:  ahh
comment:  ouch
comment:  ouch


cluster  56 :
comment:  feel
comment:  feel
comment:  feel
comment:  feel
comment:  feel
comment:  feel
comment:  feel
comment:  feel
comment:  feel
comment:  feel
comment:  feel


cluster  57 :
comment:  sumit
comment:  copp
comment:  prio
comment:  uwa
comment:  lupica
comment:  lupica
comment:  lupica
comment:  swisscom
comment:  clavier
comment:  nps
comment:  herbst
comment:  dhg
comment:  aprile
comment:  lupica
comment:  welkom
comment:  swanepoel
comment:  maggy
comment:  elke
comment:  dene
comment:  chf
comment:  clavier
comment:  rute
comment:  gola
comment:  kopp
comment:  todas
comment:  impresionante
comment:  poder
comment:  ohara
comment:  mance
comment:  swanepoel


cluster  58 :
comment:  camera
comment:  camera
comment:  camera
comment:  camera


cluster  59 :
comment:  adapter
comment:  filter
comment:  canon
comment:  macro
comment:  filter
comment:  filter
comment:  filter
comment:  filter
comment:  zoom
comment:  canon


cluster  60 :
comment:  sen
comment:  kirby
comment:  dane
comment:  meg
comment:  davidson
comment:  bj
comment:  norway
comment:  switzerland
comment:  diaz
comment:  switzerland
comment:  alps
comment:  meyer
comment:  aston
comment:  alps
comment:  norway
comment:  netherlands
comment:  alps
comment:  dan
comment:  mk


cluster  61 :
comment:  mirror
comment:  glass
comment:  glass
comment:  focal
comment:  wide
comment:  angle
comment:  glass
comment:  depth
comment:  range
comment:  frame
comment:  focal
comment:  range
comment:  light
comment:  frame
comment:  frame
comment:  thin
comment:  depth
comment:  angle
comment:  thin
comment:  color


cluster  62 :
comment:  calmly
comment:  heartache
comment:  inevitable
comment:  universe
comment:  universe
comment:  sympathize
comment:  emotionally
comment:  mediocre
comment:  haven
comment:  ve
comment:  crash
comment:  accident
comment:  misery
comment:  son
comment:  gut


cluster  63 :
comment:  way
comment:  sure
comment:  sure
comment:  want
comment:  sure
comment:  need
comment:  need
comment:  way
comment:  sure
comment:  need
comment:  need
comment:  want
comment:  sure
comment:  sure
comment:  want
comment:  way
comment:  want
comment:  need
comment:  need


cluster  64 :
comment:  landscape
comment:  capture
comment:  detail
comment:  detail
comment:  reflection
comment:  landscape
comment:  practical
comment:  perspective
comment:  perspective
comment:  perspective
comment:  landscape
comment:  capture
comment:  piece
comment:  view
comment:  detail
comment:  reflection


cluster  65 :
comment:  stunning
comment:  superb
comment:  stunning
comment:  breathtaking
comment:  wonderfully
comment:  scenery
comment:  scenery
comment:  magnificent
comment:  stunning


cluster  66 :
comment:  altitude
comment:  foreground
comment:  foreground
comment:  foreground
comment:  expansive
comment:  foreground
comment:  vantage


cluster  67 :
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great


cluster  68 :
CAPTION: water
comment:  water
comment:  water
comment:  water
comment:  water
comment:  water
comment:  water
comment:  water
comment:  water
comment:  water
comment:  water
water 	1.0


cluster  69 :
comment:  torsten
comment:  wilfried
comment:  christof
comment:  maciej
comment:  lavoie
comment:  christof
comment:  pawel
comment:  wijaya
comment:  maciej
comment:  wilfried
comment:  chism
comment:  christof
comment:  torsten
comment:  maciej
comment:  christof
comment:  gagnon
comment:  andrey
comment:  myrna
comment:  carsten
comment:  christof
comment:  mckeown
comment:  gagnon


cluster  70 :
comment:  setup
comment:  setup
comment:  setup
comment:  setup
comment:  setup
comment:  setup
comment:  setup
comment:  setup
comment:  handy
comment:  setup

101373961279443806744.5953594622689343650
a mountain with a mountain in the background 

matrix comment dim (1927, 1927)


cluster  0 :
comment:  nicole
comment:  nicole
comment:  anna
comment:  anna
comment:  nicole
comment:  anna
comment:  anna
comment:  kelly
comment:  michelle
comment:  michelle


cluster  1 :
comment:  bring
comment:  time
comment:  soon
comment:  place
comment:  time
comment:  time
comment:  soon
comment:  time
comment:  time
comment:  place
comment:  able
comment:  time
comment:  place
comment:  moment
comment:  able
comment:  moment
comment:  moment
comment:  place


cluster  2 :
comment:  brakoniecki
comment:  konstantino
comment:  arvanitopoulo
comment:  mm
comment:  bouriat
comment:  chombart
comment:  fotogeniek
comment:  aballe
comment:  turkowski
comment:  vrii
comment:  ryndak
comment:  freezinga
comment:  filatov
comment:  engadin
comment:  grzegorz
comment:  burszta
comment:  salmela
comment:  westhoff
comment:  delcour
comment:  witam
comment:  wraz
comment:  zimow
comment:  dnia
comment:  nieg
comment:  grzegorz
comment:  piechowicz
comment:  turkowski
comment:  aballe
comment:  proost
comment:  belgisch
comment:  landschap
comment:  czekaj
comment:  szale
comment:  stwa
comment:  spacer
comment:  stoku
comment:  rskiej
comment:  prze
comment:  wunderbare
comment:  peijnenburgawesome
comment:  taconn
comment:  belgi
comment:  matthia
comment:  haeussler
comment:  schitterend
comment:  plessky
comment:  delcour
comment:  landscapephotography
comment:  derborence
comment:  unconverted
comment:  taconn
comment:  showyourbestwork
comment:  brittarogge
comment:  landsmann
comment:  magnificien
comment:  haferland
comment:  teleconverter
comment:  jany
comment:  viala
comment:  jany
comment:  landscapephotography
comment:  jaquillard
comment:  parlow
comment:  engaine
comment:  bjarte
comment:  wergedahl
comment:  bjarte
comment:  markiewicz
comment:  naghmeh
comment:  khadembashi
comment:  mountainscape
comment:  nochtan
comment:  versta
comment:  proost
comment:  geruchten
comment:  fahnestock
comment:  esguerra
comment:  bartimus
comment:  rousher
comment:  proyou
comment:  besttopphotographer
comment:  mutita
comment:  edibleart
comment:  graan
comment:  wondeerful
comment:  pabroquez
comment:  rimovska
comment:  delavigne
comment:  adne
comment:  zdj
comment:  przyrodzie
comment:  krajobrazu
comment:  zrobi
comment:  kuj
comment:  ejsoboty
comment:  ycz
comment:  larch
comment:  daugaard
comment:  dusseault
comment:  konstantino
comment:  arvanitopoulos
comment:  anatoliy
comment:  urbanskiy
comment:  garzer
comment:  landscapephotography
comment:  rikard
comment:  lindby
comment:  coulta
comment:  jaquillard
comment:  sairam
comment:  sundaresan
comment:  sairam
comment:  dorst
comment:  palmpke
comment:  kratje
comment:  meegenoman
comment:  jorunn
comment:  gudlaugsdottir
comment:  jorunn
comment:  engadine
comment:  magnefique
comment:  spenner
comment:  westerhout
comment:  manousos
comment:  fahm
comment:  besttopphotographer
comment:  versaci
comment:  nter
comment:  schurr
comment:  hartog
comment:  thumbail
comment:  hebenstreit
comment:  vielmal
comment:  belgi
comment:  beautifuil
comment:  showyourbestwork
comment:  sharign
comment:  feistauer
comment:  cairn
comment:  nikolski
comment:  showyourbestwork
comment:  soestbergen
comment:  grzegorz
comment:  piechowicz
comment:  landscapephotography
comment:  europeanphotography
comment:  bedanktwel
comment:  dolny
comment:  gittan
comment:  beheydt
comment:  mossbacher


cluster  3 :
comment:  tree
comment:  tree
comment:  tree
comment:  tree
comment:  green
comment:  tree
comment:  tree
comment:  green
comment:  tree
comment:  tree
comment:  wood
comment:  tree
comment:  tree
comment:  green
comment:  green
comment:  tree


cluster  4 :
comment:  perfect
comment:  fantastic
comment:  fantastic
comment:  amazing
comment:  amazing
comment:  enjoy
comment:  fantastic
comment:  fantastic
comment:  enjoy
comment:  amazing
comment:  perfect
comment:  amazing
comment:  fantastic
comment:  fantastic
comment:  truly
comment:  fantastic
comment:  fantastic
comment:  amazing


cluster  5 :
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan


cluster  6 :
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thanks
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank


cluster  7 :
comment:  swanepoel
comment:  frei
comment:  sumit
comment:  hoep
comment:  sach
comment:  dubi
comment:  paisaje
comment:  espectacular
comment:  bia
comment:  bild
comment:  interseting
comment:  pff
comment:  brrrrr
comment:  paysage
comment:  kraken
comment:  tiptop
comment:  etna
comment:  dzi
comment:  xen
comment:  hoep
comment:  sach
comment:  junge
comment:  comi
comment:  anke
comment:  anke


cluster  8 :
comment:  scene
comment:  scene
comment:  scene
comment:  scene
comment:  scene
comment:  scene
comment:  glimpse
comment:  scene
comment:  scene


cluster  9 :
comment:  visit
comment:  visit
comment:  visit
comment:  meet
comment:  visit
comment:  proud
comment:  meet
comment:  meet
comment:  meet
comment:  join


cluster  10 :
comment:  sell
comment:  feedback
comment:  venture
comment:  reward
comment:  likewise
comment:  enter
comment:  contribution
comment:  aim
comment:  overwhelming
comment:  convey
comment:  support
comment:  contribution
comment:  business


cluster  11 :
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg


cluster  12 :
comment:  luck
comment:  lucky
comment:  miss
comment:  luck
comment:  miss
comment:  miss


cluster  13 :
comment:  sen
comment:  andreas
comment:  ju
comment:  ain
comment:  foto
comment:  singh
comment:  meg
comment:  meg
comment:  ga
comment:  ff
comment:  foto
comment:  roo


cluster  14 :
comment:  spectacular
comment:  stunning
comment:  stunning
comment:  stunning
comment:  stunning
comment:  stunning
comment:  magnificent
comment:  magnificent
comment:  spectacular
comment:  spectacular
comment:  stunning
comment:  magnificent
comment:  stunning
comment:  stunning
comment:  stunning


cluster  15 :
comment:  janusz
comment:  janusz
comment:  marilou
comment:  parada
comment:  weimer
comment:  marilou
comment:  marilou
comment:  qadir
comment:  wilfried
comment:  annick
comment:  munford
comment:  reynaud
comment:  nieder
comment:  giorgi
comment:  pelaez
comment:  reynold
comment:  rogge
comment:  oraz
comment:  pety
comment:  qadir
comment:  silke
comment:  annick
comment:  dalibor
comment:  dalibor
comment:  rogge
comment:  wandern
comment:  harz


cluster  16 :
comment:  converter
comment:  converter
comment:  multi
comment:  thumbnail
comment:  shield
comment:  thumbnail
comment:  bounty
comment:  popcorn
comment:  non
comment:  pan
comment:  bore
comment:  fluff
comment:  micro
comment:  tack
comment:  heel
comment:  bend


cluster  17 :
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image


cluster  18 :
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great


cluster  19 :
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  lovely
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  gorgeous
comment:  beautiful
comment:  gorgeous
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  lovely
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  gorgeous
comment:  gorgeous
comment:  gorgeous
comment:  lovely
comment:  lovely
comment:  beautiful
comment:  gorgeous
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  gorgeous
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  gorgeous
comment:  beautiful
comment:  gorgeous
comment:  beautiful
comment:  gorgeous
comment:  beautiful
comment:  gorgeous


cluster  20 :
comment:  sheila
comment:  sheila
comment:  gemma
comment:  gemma
comment:  nora
comment:  nora
comment:  gemma
comment:  michel
comment:  michel
comment:  renee
comment:  renee
comment:  miguel
comment:  michel
comment:  polly
comment:  wong
comment:  polly
comment:  shelly
comment:  shelly
comment:  phillip
comment:  elena
comment:  enrique
comment:  enrique
comment:  jeffrey
comment:  deborah
comment:  margaret
comment:  margaret
comment:  carolyn
comment:  carolyn
comment:  deborah


cluster  21 :
comment:  photo
comment:  photography
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photography
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photographer
comment:  photographer
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photographer
comment:  picture
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  picture
comment:  photo
comment:  photographer
comment:  photo
comment:  photo


cluster  22 :
comment:  sure
comment:  try
comment:  reason
comment:  actually
comment:  people
comment:  kind
comment:  especially
comment:  stuff
comment:  actually
comment:  find
comment:  need
comment:  come
comment:  absolutely
comment:  thing
comment:  sure
comment:  try
comment:  way
comment:  thing
comment:  simply
comment:  totally
comment:  interesting
comment:  right
comment:  right
comment:  people
comment:  lot
comment:  lot
comment:  sense
comment:  better
comment:  especially
comment:  better
comment:  way
comment:  sure
comment:  kind
comment:  need
comment:  reason
comment:  way
comment:  totally
comment:  thing
comment:  mind
comment:  stuff
comment:  try
comment:  reason
comment:  simply
comment:  actually


cluster  23 :
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share


cluster  24 :
comment:  light
comment:  light
comment:  light
comment:  light
comment:  light
comment:  light
comment:  light
comment:  light
comment:  light
comment:  light
comment:  light
comment:  light


cluster  25 :
comment:  een
comment:  een
comment:  een
comment:  het
comment:  een
comment:  het


cluster  26 :
comment:  winter
comment:  autumn
comment:  winter
comment:  winter
comment:  winter
comment:  winter
comment:  cold
comment:  winter
comment:  winter
comment:  snow
comment:  winter
comment:  weather
comment:  cold
comment:  snow
comment:  snow
comment:  snow
comment:  snow
comment:  snow
comment:  snow
comment:  snow
comment:  winter
comment:  snow
comment:  snow
comment:  snow
comment:  snow
comment:  winter
comment:  snow
comment:  winter
comment:  sun
comment:  snow
comment:  cold
comment:  snow


cluster  27 :
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment
comment:  pleasure
comment:  compliment
comment:  wonderfull
comment:  pleasure
comment:  compliment
comment:  adore
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment


cluster  28 :
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad


cluster  29 :
comment:  dat
comment:  ah
comment:  sir
comment:  mmmm
comment:  dat
comment:  don
comment:  friday
comment:  ah
comment:  hmm
comment:  oooh
comment:  don
comment:  don
comment:  thingy
comment:  dat
comment:  hmmm
comment:  wat


cluster  30 :
comment:  super
comment:  heart
comment:  yummy
comment:  touch
comment:  grace
comment:  mood
comment:  super


cluster  31 :
comment:  gracias
comment:  tnx
comment:  merci
comment:  merci
comment:  beaucoup
comment:  merci
comment:  amigo
comment:  merci
comment:  woow
comment:  tnx
comment:  merci


cluster  32 :
comment:  year
comment:  year
comment:  week
comment:  year
comment:  year
comment:  month
comment:  week
comment:  month
comment:  week
comment:  yesterday
comment:  late
comment:  year
comment:  year
comment:  later
comment:  month
comment:  week
comment:  yesterday


cluster  33 :
comment:  landscape
comment:  landscape
comment:  landscape
comment:  landscape
comment:  landscape
comment:  landscape
comment:  landscape
comment:  landscape
comment:  landscape
comment:  landscape
comment:  landscape
comment:  landscape


cluster  34 :
comment:  line
comment:  result
comment:  type
comment:  issue
comment:  case
comment:  line
comment:  second
comment:  final
comment:  result
comment:  return
comment:  case
comment:  process
comment:  issue


cluster  35 :
comment:  remote
comment:  layer
comment:  transport
comment:  convert
comment:  monitor
comment:  exposure
comment:  layer
comment:  stream
comment:  element
comment:  mobile
comment:  transform


cluster  36 :
comment:  paul
comment:  alex
comment:  alex
comment:  george
comment:  george
comment:  michael
comment:  michael
comment:  david
comment:  david
comment:  eric
comment:  paul
comment:  paul
comment:  david
comment:  williams
comment:  david
comment:  eric
comment:  eric
comment:  tom
comment:  johnson
comment:  paul
comment:  george
comment:  george
comment:  tony
comment:  tony
comment:  jason
comment:  michael
comment:  michael
comment:  jeff
comment:  tom
comment:  tom
comment:  peter
comment:  john
comment:  tom
comment:  daniel
comment:  michael
comment:  michael
comment:  jim
comment:  jim
comment:  tom
comment:  tom
comment:  daniel
comment:  daniel
comment:  michael
comment:  tony
comment:  tony


cluster  37 :
comment:  plenty
comment:  feeling
comment:  fine
comment:  busy
comment:  long
comment:  nicely
comment:  stay
comment:  long
comment:  long
comment:  long
comment:  fair
comment:  usual
comment:  busy


cluster  38 :
comment:  ferreira
comment:  mcclure
comment:  hilbert
comment:  gruber
comment:  terrie
comment:  terrie
comment:  philipp
comment:  philipp
comment:  mady
comment:  mady
comment:  hilbert
comment:  ferreira
comment:  hilbert
comment:  almeida
comment:  vadim
comment:  catharine
comment:  gunderson
comment:  maciej
comment:  maciej
comment:  gruber
comment:  leyla
comment:  roberson
comment:  leyla
comment:  dermot
comment:  dermot
comment:  griggs
comment:  mady
comment:  hilbert
comment:  tompkins
comment:  sofie
comment:  forsberg
comment:  sofie
comment:  lundgren
comment:  heyward
comment:  kamil


cluster  39 :
comment:  awesome
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  awesome
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  awesome
comment:  awesome
comment:  awesome
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice


cluster  40 :
comment:  dominique
comment:  elsa
comment:  dominique
comment:  dominique
comment:  levi
comment:  fletcher
comment:  dominique
comment:  dominique
comment:  levi
comment:  mendoza
comment:  markus
comment:  louisa
comment:  louisa
comment:  benoit
comment:  mathis
comment:  reilly
comment:  annette
comment:  dominique
comment:  bert


cluster  41 :
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good


cluster  42 :
comment:  like
comment:  want
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  want
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  want
comment:  want
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  want
comment:  want
comment:  like


cluster  43 :
comment:  look
comment:  look
comment:  look
comment:  look
comment:  look
comment:  look
comment:  look
comment:  look
comment:  look
comment:  look
comment:  look
comment:  look
comment:  look
comment:  look
comment:  look
comment:  look
comment:  look
comment:  look
comment:  look


cluster  44 :
comment:  simpson
comment:  rosa
comment:  rosa
comment:  costa
comment:  carol
comment:  simpson
comment:  earl
comment:  costa
comment:  switzerland
comment:  jean
comment:  jean
comment:  heath
comment:  ralph
comment:  jean
comment:  switzerland
comment:  switzerland
comment:  earl
comment:  victoria
comment:  robin
comment:  holland
comment:  victor
comment:  betty
comment:  berlin
comment:  potter


cluster  45 :
comment:  capture
comment:  capture
comment:  capture
comment:  capture
comment:  capture
comment:  capture
comment:  capture
comment:  capture
comment:  capture
comment:  capture
comment:  capture
comment:  capture
comment:  capture
comment:  capture


cluster  46 :
comment:  comment
comment:  blog
comment:  post
comment:  comment
comment:  blog
comment:  post
comment:  reply
comment:  post
comment:  post


cluster  47 :
comment:  gray
comment:  fuzzy
comment:  fuzzy
comment:  grey
comment:  grey
comment:  white
comment:  glass
comment:  grey
comment:  fuzzy
comment:  white


cluster  48 :
comment:  wish
comment:  happy
comment:  wish
comment:  happy
comment:  appreciate
comment:  happy
comment:  hope
comment:  hope
comment:  hope
comment:  hope
comment:  hope
comment:  wish
comment:  happy
comment:  hope
comment:  hope
comment:  happy
comment:  hope
comment:  happy
comment:  happy
comment:  appreciate
comment:  wish
comment:  hope


cluster  49 :
comment:  nou
comment:  niet
comment:  echt
comment:  zo
comment:  maar
comment:  toch
comment:  mooi
comment:  goed
comment:  heb
comment:  maar
comment:  gewoon
comment:  hoor
comment:  maar
comment:  hoor
comment:  zijn
comment:  zijn
comment:  maar
comment:  toch
comment:  altijd
comment:  maken
comment:  uit
comment:  goed
comment:  weer
comment:  gaan
comment:  niet
comment:  heeft


cluster  50 :
comment:  hey
comment:  wow
comment:  ok
comment:  lol
comment:  wow
comment:  lol
comment:  wow
comment:  hey
comment:  wanna
comment:  ok
comment:  sorry
comment:  yep
comment:  btw
comment:  oh
comment:  sorry


cluster  51 :
comment:  lijkt
comment:  verwacht
comment:  volgende
comment:  sneeuw
comment:  czy
comment:  woord
comment:  genoeg
comment:  eentje
comment:  sneeuw
comment:  binnenkort
comment:  sneeuw
comment:  krijg
comment:  jouw
comment:  praten
comment:  denk
comment:  welkom
comment:  iemand


cluster  52 :
comment:  review
comment:  search
comment:  link
comment:  site
comment:  page
comment:  page
comment:  preview
comment:  page
comment:  page
comment:  page
comment:  page
comment:  page
comment:  info


cluster  53 :
comment:  use
comment:  change
comment:  use
comment:  difference
comment:  problem
comment:  problem
comment:  certain
comment:  use
comment:  problem
comment:  add
comment:  use
comment:  possible
comment:  difference
comment:  add
comment:  change
comment:  use
comment:  add


cluster  54 :
comment:  yasmin
comment:  yasmin
comment:  yasmin
comment:  yasmin
comment:  abdul
comment:  tran
comment:  athena
comment:  kamal
comment:  kamal
comment:  schweiz
comment:  dempsey
comment:  pascal
comment:  cia
comment:  tran
comment:  abdul
comment:  tran
comment:  enzo
comment:  ros
comment:  kitts
comment:  tran
comment:  lightroom


cluster  55 :
CAPTION: mountain
CAPTION: mountain
comment:  wilderness
comment:  skiing
comment:  wilderness
comment:  outdoor
comment:  mountain
comment:  mountain
comment:  forest
comment:  mountain
comment:  forest
comment:  mountain
comment:  hike
comment:  mountain
comment:  paradise
comment:  south
mountain 	0.713100776076
mountain 	0.713100776076


cluster  56 :
comment:  un
comment:  le
comment:  van
comment:  ne
comment:  na
comment:  po
comment:  os
comment:  te
comment:  mania
comment:  www
comment:  com
comment:  van
comment:  mi
comment:  pa
comment:  van
comment:  shin
comment:  www
comment:  com
comment:  van


cluster  57 :
comment:  notice
comment:  check
comment:  check
comment:  note
comment:  forward
comment:  opinion
comment:  check
comment:  job
comment:  follow
comment:  follow
comment:  read
comment:  follow
comment:  follow
comment:  check
comment:  help


cluster  58 :
comment:  foreboding
comment:  crispness
comment:  dank
comment:  avalanche
comment:  textural
comment:  minty
comment:  snowshoe
comment:  dank
comment:  dusting
comment:  minty
comment:  treetops
comment:  alps
comment:  wintery


cluster  59 :
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work


cluster  60 :
comment:  composition
comment:  layering
comment:  composition
comment:  composition
comment:  composition
comment:  composition


cluster  61 :
CAPTION: background
comment:  detail
comment:  view
comment:  quality
comment:  quality
comment:  detail
comment:  detail
comment:  unique
comment:  create
comment:  highlight
comment:  view
comment:  view
comment:  location
comment:  quality
comment:  highlight
comment:  view
comment:  detail
comment:  view
comment:  detail
background 	0.41121075


cluster  62 :
comment:  marvelous
comment:  impressive
comment:  marvelous
comment:  outstanding
comment:  wonderfully
comment:  superb


cluster  63 :
comment:  include
comment:  include
comment:  select
comment:  select


cluster  64 :
comment:  shoot
comment:  shot
comment:  shot
comment:  shot
comment:  shot
comment:  shoot
comment:  shot
comment:  shot
comment:  shot
comment:  shoot
comment:  shot
comment:  shot
comment:  shot
comment:  shot
comment:  shot
comment:  shot
comment:  shot
comment:  shoot


cluster  65 :
comment:  scenery
comment:  picturesque
comment:  sumptuous
comment:  majestic
comment:  lush
comment:  scenery
comment:  scenery
comment:  scenery
comment:  dreamy
comment:  scenery
comment:  scenery
comment:  scenery


cluster  66 :
comment:  colour
comment:  colour
comment:  color
comment:  color
comment:  color
comment:  color
comment:  colour
comment:  color
comment:  color
comment:  colour
comment:  colour


cluster  67 :
comment:  warm
comment:  harsh
comment:  gentle
comment:  sight
comment:  clean
comment:  sharp
comment:  absolute
comment:  deep
comment:  tight
comment:  fresh
comment:  warm
comment:  hot
comment:  deeply
comment:  fresh
comment:  pure
comment:  essence
comment:  fresh
comment:  water
comment:  nature
comment:  fresh
comment:  sharp
comment:  sharp
comment:  nature
comment:  clean
comment:  fresh
comment:  sharp


cluster  68 :
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love


cluster  69 :
comment:  magnifique
comment:  por
comment:  ry
comment:  ci
comment:  superbe
comment:  loooooong
comment:  magnifique
comment:  alle
comment:  za
comment:  vos
comment:  oui
comment:  est
comment:  hopfully
comment:  danke
comment:  mcuh
comment:  vos


cluster  70 :
comment:  beauty
comment:  beauty
comment:  beauty
comment:  beauty
comment:  beauty
comment:  magical
comment:  beauty
comment:  beauty
comment:  beauty
comment:  magical


cluster  71 :
comment:  shawn
comment:  aj
comment:  andrea
comment:  carlos
comment:  ian
comment:  fred
comment:  andrea
comment:  andrea
comment:  erin
comment:  jerry
comment:  jerry
comment:  nina
comment:  anthony
comment:  nina
comment:  joan
comment:  joan
comment:  sandra
comment:  carey
comment:  kurt
comment:  harvey
comment:  kurt
comment:  nancy
comment:  dylan
comment:  dylan
comment:  russell
comment:  stephen
comment:  stephen
comment:  walter
comment:  carlos
comment:  ken


cluster  72 :
comment:  complain
comment:  word
comment:  speak
comment:  darn
comment:  kill
comment:  thankfully
comment:  stuck
comment:  excuse
comment:  word
comment:  word
comment:  clue
comment:  bored
comment:  annoying


cluster  73 :
comment:  theme
comment:  theme
comment:  theme
comment:  theme
comment:  theme
comment:  theme
comment:  theme


cluster  74 :
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful


cluster  75 :
comment:  best
comment:  opportunity
comment:  different
comment:  choice
comment:  choice
comment:  opportunity
comment:  choice
comment:  choice
comment:  true
comment:  choice
comment:  best


cluster  76 :
comment:  welcome
comment:  welcome
comment:  dear
comment:  friend
comment:  friend
comment:  friend
comment:  sister
comment:  dear
comment:  friend
comment:  dear
comment:  sister
comment:  friend
comment:  friend


cluster  77 :
comment:  pick
comment:  effort
comment:  eventually
comment:  start
comment:  future
comment:  decide
comment:  fall
comment:  course
comment:  fall
comment:  sit
comment:  point
comment:  turn
comment:  stop
comment:  catch
comment:  catch
comment:  start
comment:  turn
comment:  point
comment:  end
comment:  deal
comment:  spend
comment:  end
comment:  ahead
comment:  end
comment:  hold
comment:  start
comment:  begin


cluster  78 :
comment:  je
comment:  wel
comment:  ik
comment:  je
comment:  nie
comment:  ik
comment:  ik
comment:  wel
comment:  om
comment:  nog
comment:  nie
comment:  je
comment:  ik
comment:  ik
comment:  ik
comment:  je
comment:  wel
comment:  ik
comment:  wel
comment:  wel


cluster  79 :
comment:  btp
comment:  btp
comment:  btp
comment:  btp
comment:  btp
comment:  btp
comment:  btp


cluster  80 :
comment:  haven
comment:  pop
comment:  star
comment:  epic
comment:  sneak
comment:  mark
comment:  mark
comment:  chocolate
comment:  breakfast
comment:  club
comment:  holiday
comment:  wife
comment:  grand
comment:  cat
comment:  jump
comment:  tour


cluster  81 :
comment:  column
comment:  enthusiast
comment:  editor
comment:  honoured
comment:  editor
comment:  editor
comment:  official
comment:  workaround
comment:  notification


cluster  82 :
comment:  trip
comment:  weekend
comment:  day
comment:  day
comment:  evening
comment:  day
comment:  day
comment:  day
comment:  day


cluster  83 :
comment:  thierry
comment:  vitor
comment:  vitor
comment:  bertrand
comment:  bertrand
comment:  dubois
comment:  duarte
comment:  khalid
comment:  vitor
comment:  matthias
comment:  forsyth
comment:  paradis
comment:  marquardt
comment:  jansen
comment:  christa
comment:  christa
comment:  oksana
comment:  britta
comment:  britta
comment:  marla
comment:  rohan
comment:  khalid
comment:  koontz
comment:  koontz
comment:  nikola
comment:  nikola
comment:  britta
comment:  duarte
comment:  anette


cluster  84 :
comment:  ve
comment:  ego
comment:  pro
comment:  retire
comment:  die
comment:  ve
comment:  ve
comment:  die


cluster  85 :
comment:  guess
comment:  hear
comment:  know
comment:  guess
comment:  think
comment:  maybe
comment:  yes
comment:  guess
comment:  think
comment:  wait
comment:  think
comment:  yes
comment:  personally
comment:  think
comment:  maybe
comment:  agree
comment:  anymore
comment:  maybe
comment:  yes
comment:  maybe
comment:  yes
comment:  wrong


cluster  86 :
comment:  tone
comment:  combination
comment:  visual
comment:  contrast
comment:  contrast
comment:  depth
comment:  contrast
comment:  contrast
comment:  depth
comment:  combination


cluster  87 :
comment:  new
comment:  new
comment:  open
comment:  large
comment:  new
comment:  new
comment:  area
comment:  fast
comment:  safe
comment:  fully
comment:  large
comment:  room
comment:  old
comment:  open
comment:  space
comment:  new
comment:  large


cluster  88 :
comment:  size
comment:  desktop
comment:  version
comment:  size
comment:  size
comment:  screen


cluster  89 :
comment:  upload
comment:  upload
comment:  upload
comment:  facebook
comment:  upload
comment:  upload


cluster  90 :
comment:  european
comment:  vista
comment:  marina
comment:  european
comment:  african


cluster  91 :
comment:  excellent
comment:  excellent
comment:  excellent
comment:  excellent
comment:  excellent
comment:  excellent
comment:  excellent


cluster  92 :
comment:  weight
comment:  demanding
comment:  circumstance
comment:  outcome
comment:  compare
comment:  timing
comment:  period
comment:  condition
comment:  condition
comment:  limit
comment:  solve
comment:  power
comment:  introduction
comment:  term
comment:  battle


cluster  93 :
comment:  group
comment:  plus
comment:  daily
comment:  daily
comment:  frequent
comment:  daily
comment:  daily


cluster  94 :
comment:  bit
comment:  bit
comment:  bit
comment:  bit
comment:  bit
comment:  bit
comment:  bit
comment:  bit
comment:  bit


cluster  95 :
comment:  sunlight
comment:  harvest
comment:  stormy
comment:  cloud
comment:  cloud
comment:  pine
comment:  foreground
comment:  cloud
comment:  peak

101373961279443806744.5662653777222747874
a view of a cloudy sky in the sky 

matrix comment dim (213, 213)


cluster  0 :
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg


cluster  1 :
comment:  come
comment:  work
comment:  ready
comment:  work
comment:  come
comment:  stay
comment:  moment
comment:  past
comment:  moment
comment:  stop
comment:  try
comment:  long
comment:  leave
comment:  right


cluster  2 :
comment:  neil
comment:  walker
comment:  robert
comment:  daniel
comment:  peter
comment:  carey
comment:  carey
comment:  shane
comment:  richard
comment:  murphy
comment:  paul
comment:  scott
comment:  george
comment:  francis
comment:  stephen
comment:  kerry
comment:  murphy
comment:  paul
comment:  scott
comment:  christine
comment:  thomas


cluster  3 :
comment:  myrna
comment:  maru
comment:  clavier
comment:  eckhart
comment:  tolle
comment:  myrna
comment:  dene
comment:  gagnon
comment:  zina
comment:  schaller


cluster  4 :
comment:  shoot
comment:  shot
comment:  photo
comment:  shot
comment:  shot
comment:  shoot
comment:  shot


cluster  5 :
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  glad
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank


cluster  6 :
CAPTION: view
comment:  crisp
comment:  soft
comment:  light
comment:  detail
comment:  power
comment:  light
comment:  effect
comment:  detail
comment:  image
comment:  drop
comment:  slightly
comment:  delicate
comment:  soft
comment:  touch
comment:  frame
view 	0.2867689


cluster  7 :
comment:  lana
comment:  austria
comment:  doris
comment:  rudd
comment:  beverley
comment:  aston
comment:  blackwell
comment:  athena
comment:  athena
comment:  fletcher
comment:  clifton
comment:  larsen


cluster  8 :
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan


cluster  9 :
comment:  weinreich
comment:  skreiner
comment:  ewert
comment:  rooij
comment:  weekendhttp
comment:  paulscott
comment:  holsclaw
comment:  weinreich
comment:  leighann
comment:  monod
comment:  bouzar


cluster  10 :
comment:  camara
comment:  wel
comment:  photostream
comment:  hah
comment:  danke


cluster  11 :
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  appreciate
comment:  good
comment:  fantastic
comment:  fantastic
comment:  good


cluster  12 :
comment:  post
comment:  month
comment:  check
comment:  late
comment:  meet
comment:  comment
comment:  comment
comment:  share
comment:  visit
comment:  today
comment:  week
comment:  share


cluster  13 :
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love


cluster  14 :
comment:  wow
comment:  wow
comment:  wow


cluster  15 :
CAPTION: sky
CAPTION: sky
comment:  pure
comment:  magic
comment:  star
comment:  magic
sky 	0.36359668
sky 	0.36359668


cluster  16 :
comment:  compliment
comment:  lovely
comment:  perfect
comment:  lovely
comment:  superb
comment:  perfect
comment:  perfect
comment:  lovely
comment:  beautiful
comment:  perfectly


cluster  17 :
CAPTION: cloudy
comment:  dandelion
comment:  blur
comment:  macro
comment:  blur
comment:  softness
comment:  foreground
comment:  macro
comment:  dandelion
comment:  sharpness
cloudy 	0.25018355


cluster  18 :
comment:  sure
comment:  like
comment:  hope
comment:  like
comment:  look
comment:  thought
comment:  tell
comment:  like
comment:  wish


cluster  19 :
comment:  te
comment:  se
comment:  de
comment:  www
comment:  flickr
comment:  com
comment:  ve
comment:  mile


cluster  20 :
comment:  focus
comment:  focus
comment:  similar
comment:  creative
comment:  present
comment:  result
comment:  focus
comment:  different
comment:  approach

101373961279443806744.5890831574997632594
a view of a beach with a boat in the background 

matrix comment dim (3448, 3448)


cluster  0 :
comment:  long
comment:  long
comment:  away
comment:  long
comment:  couple
comment:  end
comment:  rest
comment:  long
comment:  couple
comment:  end
comment:  long
comment:  long
comment:  long
comment:  hard
comment:  rest
comment:  rest
comment:  place
comment:  place
comment:  long
comment:  hard
comment:  long
comment:  long
comment:  rest
comment:  hard
comment:  end


cluster  1 :
comment:  mona
comment:  mona
comment:  michel
comment:  michel
comment:  mona
comment:  enrique
comment:  enrique
comment:  monique
comment:  gerard
comment:  wong
comment:  mona
comment:  mona
comment:  andreas
comment:  monique
comment:  michel
comment:  salvador
comment:  elena


cluster  2 :
comment:  tjintjelaar
comment:  suprb
comment:  delcour
comment:  sudip
comment:  ghate
comment:  soestbergen
comment:  notell
comment:  peijnenburgotherwise
comment:  manousos
comment:  kieley
comment:  sandidge
comment:  grzegorz
comment:  piechowicz
comment:  grzegorz
comment:  zolang
comment:  gospodarou
comment:  peijnenburgik
comment:  zuiden
comment:  kefeloni
comment:  griekenland
comment:  fotograferen
comment:  pabroquez
comment:  mossbacher
comment:  haferland
comment:  brakoniecki
comment:  chombart
comment:  subtraction
comment:  notake
comment:  fahm
comment:  spenner
comment:  rinus
comment:  verstild
comment:  niederer
comment:  kuberan
comment:  horwath
comment:  vodnala
comment:  liboon
comment:  seide
comment:  lotsos
comment:  meckmann
comment:  irnd
comment:  parmeeva
comment:  tyllinen
comment:  rimovska
comment:  valesa
comment:  diamonte
comment:  valesa
comment:  qiuet
comment:  morge
comment:  prev
comment:  opkwam
comment:  zomervakantie
comment:  hectisch
comment:  tussenuit
comment:  wheren
comment:  naghmeh
comment:  khadembashi
comment:  naghmeh
comment:  filatov
comment:  atardecer
comment:  apacibles
comment:  magn
comment:  capturado
comment:  gica
comment:  iluminaci
comment:  obsequiarnos
comment:  sweedon
comment:  hedenberg
comment:  sweedon
comment:  sonnenfeld
comment:  buidel
comment:  tasten
comment:  neijhoft
comment:  kurumazuki
comment:  fotograferen
comment:  ryndak
comment:  skreinerand
comment:  davorin
comment:  parlow
comment:  wurschd
comment:  rienzner
comment:  langzamer
comment:  grootte
comment:  groeten
comment:  rinus
comment:  kleurenverstuurd
comment:  vergauwen
comment:  zzpb
comment:  esguerra
comment:  subra
comment:  subra
comment:  lakkhana
comment:  lakkhana
comment:  kalloo
comment:  chombart
comment:  betrand
comment:  lammert
comment:  doddema
comment:  lammert
comment:  breathtak
comment:  wildhaber
comment:  wempe
comment:  aangenaam
comment:  mejilla
comment:  nter
comment:  schurr
comment:  tjintjelaar
comment:  highlightyou
comment:  besttopphotographer
comment:  comthank
comment:  stepanyan
comment:  daugaard
comment:  bouriat
comment:  charnley
comment:  rinus
comment:  sahr
comment:  groeten
comment:  tjintjelaar
comment:  peinenburg
comment:  tyllinen
comment:  teeffelen
comment:  gehoopt
comment:  meegroeit
comment:  sairam
comment:  sundaresan
comment:  anatoliy
comment:  urbanskiy
comment:  anytoliy
comment:  skreiner
comment:  vergauwen
comment:  skreiner
comment:  menefee
comment:  horwath
comment:  mutita
comment:  edibleart
comment:  mutita
comment:  jorunn
comment:  gudlaugsdottir
comment:  jorunn
comment:  kolluru
comment:  venkateshwar
comment:  haeussler
comment:  europeanphotography
comment:  snoy
comment:  rousher
comment:  herreman
comment:  taconn
comment:  jany
comment:  viala
comment:  breathtak
comment:  sandidge
comment:  kuberan
comment:  kaatje
comment:  nikolski
comment:  stepanyan
comment:  landsmann
comment:  horwath
comment:  hagadorn
comment:  demaret
comment:  grzegorz
comment:  piechowicz
comment:  grzegorz
comment:  gummibooten
comment:  nachbarn
comment:  herrscht
comment:  bliche
comment:  erfolglosen
comment:  neulinge
comment:  jemandem
comment:  kleinb
comment:  rgerliche
comment:  provinzielle
comment:  mentalit
comment:  fehlerfreien
comment:  nnen
comment:  nnen
comment:  sumpfrohr
comment:  komikern
comment:  chte
comment:  juckt
comment:  eiche
comment:  reibt
comment:  chaudhury
comment:  landscapephotography
comment:  rinus
comment:  stepanyan
comment:  mossbacher
comment:  stepanyan
comment:  tjintjelaar
comment:  jaartje
comment:  zingen
comment:  tjintjelaar
comment:  stepanyan
comment:  preverenge
comment:  wonderufl
comment:  muraz
comment:  muhakeem
comment:  nurcan
comment:  besttopphotographer
comment:  tjintjelaar
comment:  verenge
comment:  diggelmann
comment:  salmela
comment:  mossbacher
comment:  teeffelen
comment:  pp
comment:  catharina
comment:  tjintjelaar
comment:  commercialize
comment:  gebruiker
comment:  nikolski
comment:  subtraction
comment:  trchnique


cluster  3 :
comment:  hope
comment:  happy
comment:  hope
comment:  appreciate
comment:  hope
comment:  hope
comment:  hope
comment:  hope
comment:  hope
comment:  hope
comment:  appreciate
comment:  hope
comment:  hope
comment:  appreciate
comment:  hope
comment:  hope
comment:  wish
comment:  hope
comment:  hope
comment:  hope
comment:  hope
comment:  hope
comment:  hope
comment:  hope
comment:  hope


cluster  4 :
comment:  organize
comment:  event
comment:  session
comment:  series
comment:  board
comment:  currently
comment:  ongoing
comment:  student
comment:  group
comment:  priority
comment:  series
comment:  alongside
comment:  contribution
comment:  student
comment:  include
comment:  group
comment:  department


cluster  5 :
comment:  woon
comment:  pluss
comment:  heve
comment:  pluss
comment:  espectacular
comment:  maravilloso
comment:  cela
comment:  sina
comment:  haaaaa
comment:  sach
comment:  enthousiastic
comment:  harte
comment:  sog
comment:  wurst


cluster  6 :
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan


cluster  7 :
comment:  tot
comment:  te
comment:  tot
comment:  te
comment:  te
comment:  ne
comment:  tot
comment:  te
comment:  te
comment:  da
comment:  te


cluster  8 :
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  gorgeous
comment:  gorgeous
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  gorgeous
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  gorgeous
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  gorgeous
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful


cluster  9 :
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg


cluster  10 :
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank


cluster  11 :
comment:  color
comment:  color
comment:  color
comment:  color
comment:  colour
comment:  color
comment:  color
comment:  color
comment:  color
comment:  color
comment:  colour
comment:  color
comment:  color
comment:  color
comment:  color
comment:  color
comment:  colour
comment:  color
comment:  colour
comment:  colour
comment:  color
comment:  color
comment:  color
comment:  color
comment:  colour
comment:  color
comment:  color
comment:  color
comment:  color


cluster  12 :
comment:  cox
comment:  betty
comment:  betty
comment:  simpson
comment:  miller
comment:  russell
comment:  johnson
comment:  johnson
comment:  ralph
comment:  ralph
comment:  simpson
comment:  holland
comment:  elizabeth
comment:  elizabeth
comment:  jean
comment:  victoria
comment:  victoria
comment:  miller


cluster  13 :
comment:  goed
comment:  weet
comment:  maar
comment:  weer
comment:  weet
comment:  heb
comment:  echt
comment:  dus
comment:  maar
comment:  toch
comment:  maar
comment:  kun
comment:  lekker
comment:  weer
comment:  idee
comment:  maar
comment:  dus
comment:  dus
comment:  hoor
comment:  goed


cluster  14 :
comment:  kind
comment:  kind
comment:  kind
comment:  definitely
comment:  kind
comment:  way
comment:  way
comment:  kind
comment:  kind
comment:  feel
comment:  thing
comment:  kind
comment:  kind
comment:  thing
comment:  thing
comment:  kind
comment:  thing
comment:  way
comment:  feel
comment:  better
comment:  feel
comment:  kind
comment:  definitely
comment:  thing
comment:  thing
comment:  definitely
comment:  thing
comment:  thing
comment:  thing
comment:  way
comment:  kind
comment:  way
comment:  thing
comment:  thing


cluster  15 :
comment:  video
comment:  video
comment:  sexy
comment:  video


cluster  16 :
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great


cluster  17 :
comment:  alley
comment:  pier
comment:  dock
comment:  pier
comment:  pier
comment:  pier


cluster  18 :
comment:  alle
comment:  mit
comment:  mehr
comment:  mit
comment:  oder
comment:  einen
comment:  englisch
comment:  bei
comment:  uns
comment:  eine
comment:  auf
comment:  einen
comment:  eine
comment:  sich
comment:  eine


cluster  19 :
comment:  youssef
comment:  ferreira
comment:  youssef
comment:  bakker
comment:  philipp
comment:  ingo
comment:  ingo
comment:  mikko
comment:  mikko
comment:  fotograf
comment:  bakker
comment:  gruber
comment:  gruber
comment:  niklas
comment:  gruber
comment:  gruber
comment:  youssef
comment:  bakker
comment:  mikko
comment:  mikko
comment:  didier
comment:  didier
comment:  sofie
comment:  forsberg
comment:  sofie
comment:  bakker
comment:  carsten
comment:  kopp
comment:  carsten
comment:  gruber


cluster  20 :
comment:  desperately
comment:  disappoint
comment:  sigh
comment:  patience
comment:  patiently
comment:  cheer


cluster  21 :
comment:  cool
comment:  cool
comment:  cool
comment:  super
comment:  cool
comment:  cool
comment:  cool
comment:  super
comment:  sweet
comment:  super
comment:  cool


cluster  22 :
comment:  alvast
comment:  binnenkort
comment:  gezin
comment:  weken
comment:  daarna
comment:  plaatje
comment:  weken
comment:  daarna
comment:  tijdje
comment:  tegenwoordig
comment:  beginnen
comment:  gebruiken
comment:  specifieke
comment:  hopelijk
comment:  binnenkort
comment:  bestanden
comment:  vanaf
comment:  veranderd
comment:  zouden
comment:  verbeteren
comment:  wellicht
comment:  ervan
comment:  automatisch
comment:  personen
comment:  typen
comment:  probeer
comment:  gehoord
comment:  zware
comment:  gelezen


cluster  23 :
comment:  wonderfully
comment:  scenery
comment:  amazingly
comment:  warm
comment:  delicious
comment:  delightful
comment:  pleasing
comment:  beauty
comment:  magical
comment:  beauty
comment:  fantastically
comment:  adorable


cluster  24 :
comment:  adjustment
comment:  temperature
comment:  shield
comment:  rust
comment:  filter
comment:  gradient
comment:  pixel
comment:  pixel
comment:  layer
comment:  smoothness
comment:  wedge
comment:  filter
comment:  temperature
comment:  temperature
comment:  sensor


cluster  25 :
comment:  try
comment:  try
comment:  need
comment:  try
comment:  try
comment:  need
comment:  try
comment:  find
comment:  try
comment:  try
comment:  try
comment:  need
comment:  try
comment:  prefer
comment:  find
comment:  need
comment:  try
comment:  need
comment:  need


cluster  26 :
comment:  ve
comment:  ve
comment:  ve
comment:  ve
comment:  dire
comment:  ve
comment:  ve
comment:  ve
comment:  ve
comment:  ve
comment:  ve


cluster  27 :
comment:  easy
comment:  easy
comment:  real
comment:  life
comment:  real
comment:  life
comment:  stand
comment:  dream
comment:  strange
comment:  world
comment:  big
comment:  story
comment:  real
comment:  story
comment:  dream
comment:  man
comment:  man
comment:  easy
comment:  simple


cluster  28 :
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image


cluster  29 :
comment:  meet
comment:  meet
comment:  meet
comment:  meet
comment:  meet
comment:  meet
comment:  meet
comment:  meet
comment:  meet
comment:  meet
comment:  meet
comment:  meet
comment:  meet
comment:  meet
comment:  meet
comment:  meet


cluster  30 :
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love


cluster  31 :
comment:  workshop
comment:  workshop
comment:  workshop
comment:  workshop
comment:  workshop
comment:  workshop
comment:  workshop
comment:  workshop
comment:  workshop
comment:  workshop
comment:  workshop
comment:  workshop
comment:  workshop
comment:  workshop
comment:  workshop
comment:  workshop
comment:  workshop
comment:  workshop
comment:  workshop
comment:  workshop


cluster  32 :
comment:  ik
comment:  nog
comment:  ik
comment:  nog
comment:  ik
comment:  om
comment:  mee
comment:  kan
comment:  ik
comment:  om
comment:  ik
comment:  nog
comment:  nog
comment:  om
comment:  ze
comment:  ik
comment:  ze
comment:  ze
comment:  ik
comment:  ik
comment:  nog
comment:  nog
comment:  ik
comment:  nog


cluster  33 :
comment:  shot
comment:  shoot
comment:  shot
comment:  shoot
comment:  shot
comment:  shooting
comment:  shot
comment:  shot
comment:  shot
comment:  shot
comment:  shot
comment:  scene
comment:  shot
comment:  shoot
comment:  shot
comment:  shot
comment:  scene
comment:  shot
comment:  scene
comment:  shooting
comment:  shot
comment:  shot
comment:  shoot
comment:  shot
comment:  shot


cluster  34 :
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work


cluster  35 :
comment:  ok
comment:  oh
comment:  hey
comment:  hey
comment:  btw
comment:  oh
comment:  lol
comment:  shit
comment:  hey
comment:  hey
comment:  oh
comment:  yea
comment:  yeah
comment:  lol
comment:  yep
comment:  hey
comment:  lol
comment:  oh
comment:  oh
comment:  yeah
comment:  hey
comment:  lol
comment:  oh
comment:  haha
comment:  shit


cluster  36 :
comment:  different
comment:  use
comment:  allow
comment:  use
comment:  use
comment:  use
comment:  use
comment:  usually
comment:  use
comment:  useful
comment:  use
comment:  useful
comment:  use
comment:  create
comment:  use
comment:  use
comment:  different
comment:  use
comment:  use
comment:  similar


cluster  37 :
comment:  post
comment:  comment
comment:  comment
comment:  post
comment:  comment
comment:  post
comment:  post
comment:  post
comment:  post
comment:  comment
comment:  post
comment:  comment
comment:  blog
comment:  comment
comment:  blog
comment:  post
comment:  post
comment:  reply
comment:  comment
comment:  comment
comment:  post


cluster  38 :
comment:  bertrand
comment:  sascha
comment:  dunne
comment:  christa
comment:  christa
comment:  corrigan
comment:  tatiana
comment:  tatiana
comment:  donnelly
comment:  tania
comment:  mcclure
comment:  aidan
comment:  aidan
comment:  bertrand
comment:  jeannette
comment:  kathie
comment:  yvette
comment:  matthias
comment:  jansen
comment:  vogel
comment:  sascha
comment:  dubois
comment:  yvette
comment:  yvette


cluster  39 :
comment:  en
comment:  en
comment:  en
comment:  en
comment:  en


cluster  40 :
comment:  photo
comment:  picture
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photograph
comment:  photograph
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  picture
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  picture
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photograph
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photograph
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo


cluster  41 :
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice


cluster  42 :
comment:  vip
comment:  seeker
comment:  hadn
comment:  shouldn
comment:  heath
comment:  jap
comment:  www
comment:  sf
comment:  peachy
comment:  rc
comment:  rc
comment:  ng
comment:  hadn
comment:  loli
comment:  www
comment:  vip


cluster  43 :
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share


cluster  44 :
CAPTION: background
comment:  combination
comment:  eye
comment:  deep
comment:  paint
comment:  quality
comment:  light
comment:  piece
comment:  high
comment:  paint
comment:  light
comment:  deep
comment:  body
comment:  light
comment:  tiny
comment:  light
comment:  deep
comment:  combination
comment:  high
comment:  body
comment:  light
background 	0.3460136


cluster  45 :
comment:  stunning
comment:  exquisite
comment:  stunning
comment:  breathtaking
comment:  stunning
comment:  stunning
comment:  stunning
comment:  breathtaking
comment:  stunning
comment:  beautifully
comment:  magnificent
comment:  stunning
comment:  stunning
comment:  stunning
comment:  stunning
comment:  stunning
comment:  stunning
comment:  stunning
comment:  stunning
comment:  exquisite
comment:  stunning
comment:  stunning
comment:  stunning
comment:  stunning
comment:  stunning
comment:  magnificent


cluster  46 :
comment:  week
comment:  month
comment:  week
comment:  week
comment:  later
comment:  year
comment:  year
comment:  week
comment:  recently
comment:  month
comment:  week
comment:  early
comment:  earlier
comment:  week
comment:  late
comment:  week


cluster  47 :
comment:  think
comment:  know
comment:  think
comment:  guess
comment:  thought
comment:  know
comment:  know
comment:  know
comment:  think
comment:  maybe
comment:  know
comment:  think
comment:  know
comment:  know
comment:  know
comment:  guess
comment:  think
comment:  maybe
comment:  know
comment:  think
comment:  maybe
comment:  think
comment:  guess
comment:  think
comment:  know
comment:  know
comment:  think
comment:  know
comment:  think
comment:  wonder
comment:  think
comment:  guess
comment:  guess
comment:  imagine
comment:  think
comment:  know
comment:  know
comment:  guess


cluster  48 :
comment:  deborah
comment:  deborah
comment:  jeffrey
comment:  carolyn
comment:  carolyn
comment:  margaret
comment:  margaret
comment:  arthur
comment:  cohen
comment:  arthur
comment:  ronald
comment:  ronald
comment:  mitchell
comment:  kerry
comment:  murphy
comment:  teresa
comment:  teresa
comment:  deborah
comment:  meyer
comment:  margaret
comment:  margaret
comment:  harvey
comment:  shelly
comment:  shelly
comment:  mitchell
comment:  mitchell
comment:  mitchell
comment:  harvey
comment:  deborah
comment:  catherine
comment:  margaret
comment:  margaret
comment:  sheila
comment:  lori
comment:  lori


cluster  49 :
comment:  munford
comment:  munford
comment:  hoan
comment:  renge
comment:  bellos
comment:  colore
comment:  shama
comment:  mance
comment:  fixen
comment:  munford
comment:  govinda
comment:  hartz
comment:  mafi
comment:  pinna
comment:  dubi
comment:  etna
comment:  dubi
comment:  pinguin
comment:  dubi
comment:  astrophotographer


cluster  50 :
comment:  weekend
comment:  busy
comment:  evening
comment:  busy
comment:  busy
comment:  night
comment:  tomorrow
comment:  tomorrow
comment:  busy
comment:  busy
comment:  busy
comment:  evening
comment:  busy
comment:  busy
comment:  weekend
comment:  weekend
comment:  morning
comment:  busy
comment:  busy
comment:  busy
comment:  walk
comment:  busy


cluster  51 :
CAPTION: view
comment:  view
comment:  view
comment:  highlight
comment:  highlight
comment:  view
comment:  highlight
comment:  view
comment:  view
comment:  view
comment:  view
comment:  highlight
comment:  view
view 	0.794992705186


cluster  52 :
comment:  harz
comment:  paulin
comment:  hilbert
comment:  wilfried
comment:  wilfried
comment:  weimer
comment:  alycia
comment:  alycia
comment:  cattaneo
comment:  leyla
comment:  roberson
comment:  rodolfo
comment:  rodolfo
comment:  varley
comment:  nicolai
comment:  nicolai
comment:  adcock
comment:  prout
comment:  hilbert
comment:  ojeda
comment:  natascha
comment:  natascha
comment:  mittal
comment:  loraine
comment:  maggy
comment:  maggy
comment:  hilbert
comment:  gunderson
comment:  lavoie
comment:  prout
comment:  prout
comment:  showalter
comment:  ohara
comment:  tompkins
comment:  neid
comment:  hilbert
comment:  leyla
comment:  roberson
comment:  mckeown
comment:  ohara


cluster  53 :
comment:  word
comment:  word
comment:  word
comment:  word
comment:  word
comment:  word
comment:  word
comment:  word


cluster  54 :
comment:  ps
comment:  momma
comment:  hmmm
comment:  hah
comment:  nope
comment:  momma
comment:  omg
comment:  hmm
comment:  hah
comment:  omg
comment:  yup
comment:  nope
comment:  hah


cluster  55 :
comment:  exposure
comment:  processing
comment:  degree
comment:  reduction
comment:  exposure
comment:  exposure
comment:  exposure
comment:  quantity
comment:  differ
comment:  exposure
comment:  exposure
comment:  portion
comment:  interaction
comment:  reduction
comment:  minor
comment:  quantity
comment:  movement
comment:  exposure
comment:  exposure
comment:  exposure
comment:  minor
comment:  gradually
comment:  reduction
comment:  exposure
comment:  reduction


cluster  56 :
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad


cluster  57 :
comment:  new
comment:  exciting
comment:  special
comment:  special
comment:  special
comment:  strong
comment:  exciting
comment:  new
comment:  exciting
comment:  special
comment:  new
comment:  choice
comment:  new
comment:  choice
comment:  new
comment:  favorite
comment:  highly
comment:  experience
comment:  choice


cluster  58 :
comment:  buisness
comment:  hv
comment:  goo
comment:  tan
comment:  google
comment:  nd
comment:  curry
comment:  goo
comment:  rumor
comment:  nd
comment:  nd
comment:  comp
comment:  boom
comment:  curry
comment:  hunter
comment:  nd
comment:  chinese
comment:  bugger


cluster  59 :
comment:  goede
comment:  nooit
comment:  doet
comment:  gaat
comment:  zelf
comment:  heeft
comment:  gaan
comment:  zelf
comment:  daar
comment:  eerste
comment:  altijd
comment:  zal
comment:  alleen
comment:  heeft
comment:  keer
comment:  gaan
comment:  zeker
comment:  zal
comment:  eerste
comment:  keer
comment:  iemand
comment:  zet


cluster  60 :
comment:  van
comment:  van
comment:  op
comment:  van
comment:  van
comment:  op
comment:  van
comment:  van
comment:  van
comment:  van
comment:  van
comment:  op
comment:  van
comment:  van
comment:  van
comment:  van


cluster  61 :
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good


cluster  62 :
comment:  manual
comment:  test
comment:  tweak
comment:  version
comment:  select
comment:  load
comment:  select
comment:  load
comment:  upgrade
comment:  hardware
comment:  hardware
comment:  spec
comment:  upgrade
comment:  select
comment:  manually


cluster  63 :
CAPTION: beach
comment:  snow
comment:  sunset
comment:  sunset
comment:  sunset
comment:  beach
comment:  grand
comment:  sunset
comment:  sky
comment:  haven
comment:  hill
comment:  mountain
comment:  bay
comment:  bird
comment:  lake
comment:  snow
comment:  mountain
comment:  sunset
comment:  haven
comment:  sunset
comment:  north
beach 	0.507796387374


cluster  64 :
comment:  absolutely
comment:  truly
comment:  absolutely
comment:  truly
comment:  amazed
comment:  curious
comment:  amazed
comment:  surprise
comment:  absolutely
comment:  absolutely
comment:  totally
comment:  absolutely
comment:  curious
comment:  absolutely
comment:  truly
comment:  impressed
comment:  totally
comment:  curious
comment:  absolutely
comment:  totally


cluster  65 :
comment:  person
comment:  situation
comment:  change
comment:  completely
comment:  describe
comment:  despite
comment:  effort
comment:  course
comment:  course
comment:  course
comment:  recognize
comment:  step
comment:  notice
comment:  describe
comment:  clear
comment:  conversation
comment:  notice
comment:  figure
comment:  assume
comment:  difference
comment:  question
comment:  deal
comment:  figure
comment:  recognize
comment:  effort
comment:  explanation
comment:  effort


cluster  66 :
comment:  brush
comment:  cap
comment:  cap
comment:  gate
comment:  flight
comment:  stream
comment:  sauce
comment:  massage
comment:  feed
comment:  raw
comment:  cloud
comment:  flight
comment:  stream
comment:  hike
comment:  beginner
comment:  auto
comment:  feed
comment:  massage
comment:  weight
comment:  weight
comment:  cloud
comment:  motion
comment:  cloud


cluster  67 :
comment:  local
comment:  plan
comment:  manage
comment:  sell
comment:  sell
comment:  personal
comment:  sell
comment:  business
comment:  school
comment:  plan
comment:  business
comment:  information
comment:  information
comment:  teach
comment:  manage
comment:  social
comment:  information
comment:  pay
comment:  teach
comment:  knowledge


cluster  68 :
comment:  wie
comment:  alles
comment:  hier
comment:  wie
comment:  geht
comment:  alles
comment:  wir
comment:  noch
comment:  nicht
comment:  nur
comment:  wie
comment:  nur
comment:  einfach
comment:  nicht
comment:  dann
comment:  machen
comment:  nicht
comment:  richtig
comment:  einfach
comment:  noch
comment:  hier
comment:  nicht
comment:  aber
comment:  wie
comment:  sagt
comment:  doch
comment:  wenn
comment:  sau
comment:  alles


cluster  69 :
comment:  deserve
comment:  agree
comment:  lately
comment:  answer
comment:  talk
comment:  ask
comment:  explain
comment:  agree
comment:  talk
comment:  talk
comment:  ask
comment:  agree


cluster  70 :
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful


cluster  71 :
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment


cluster  72 :
comment:  joel
comment:  joel
comment:  walter
comment:  walter
comment:  joel
comment:  joel
comment:  shawn
comment:  joel
comment:  joel
comment:  kurt
comment:  kurt
comment:  stan
comment:  doug
comment:  ian
comment:  ian
comment:  joel
comment:  joel
comment:  joel
comment:  joel
comment:  joel
comment:  joel
comment:  joel


cluster  73 :
comment:  frank
comment:  frank
comment:  frank
comment:  frank
comment:  frank
comment:  frank
comment:  frank
comment:  frank
comment:  frank
comment:  frank


cluster  74 :
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like


cluster  75 :
comment:  dank
comment:  dank
comment:  dank
comment:  dank
comment:  dank
comment:  dank
comment:  dank


cluster  76 :
comment:  lololol
comment:  wooow
comment:  wowww
comment:  danke
comment:  danke
comment:  youuuu
comment:  danke
comment:  congrat
comment:  woow
comment:  wowww


cluster  77 :
comment:  dominique
comment:  gemma
comment:  nicola
comment:  dominique
comment:  dominique
comment:  orr
comment:  mendoza
comment:  ramos
comment:  raphael
comment:  raphael
comment:  annette
comment:  athena
comment:  dominique
comment:  dominique
comment:  dominique
comment:  dominique
comment:  daryl
comment:  dominique
comment:  dominique


cluster  78 :
comment:  les
comment:  le
comment:  le
comment:  le
comment:  le
comment:  un
comment:  que
comment:  les
comment:  le
comment:  le
comment:  le
comment:  le
comment:  le
comment:  le
comment:  le
comment:  le
comment:  le


cluster  79 :
comment:  technique
comment:  composed
comment:  composition
comment:  blend
comment:  composition
comment:  composition
comment:  composition
comment:  technique
comment:  composition
comment:  composition
comment:  composition
comment:  blend
comment:  blending
comment:  medium
comment:  composition
comment:  composition
comment:  characteristic
comment:  composition


cluster  80 :
comment:  quiet
comment:  peaceful
comment:  peaceful
comment:  peaceful
comment:  peaceful
comment:  peaceful
comment:  joyful
comment:  peaceful
comment:  quiet
comment:  peaceful
comment:  calm
comment:  peaceful
comment:  peaceful


cluster  81 :
comment:  bonito
comment:  agua
comment:  momento
comment:  por
comment:  magnifique
comment:  peu
comment:  muchas
comment:  vos
comment:  nee


cluster  82 :
comment:  amazing
comment:  amazing
comment:  amazing
comment:  amazing
comment:  amazing
comment:  amazing
comment:  amazing
comment:  amazing
comment:  awesome
comment:  amazing
comment:  awesome
comment:  amazing
comment:  awesome
comment:  amazing
comment:  fantastic
comment:  fantastic
comment:  awesome
comment:  amazing
comment:  awesome
comment:  awesome
comment:  amazing
comment:  fantastic
comment:  amazing
comment:  awesome
comment:  awesome
comment:  amazing
comment:  fantastic
comment:  amazing
comment:  amazing
comment:  amazing
comment:  amazing
comment:  amazing
comment:  fantastic
comment:  amazing


cluster  83 :
comment:  time
comment:  time
comment:  time
comment:  time
comment:  time
comment:  time
comment:  time
comment:  time
comment:  time
comment:  time
comment:  time
comment:  time
comment:  time
comment:  time
comment:  time


cluster  84 :
comment:  eric
comment:  eric
comment:  randy
comment:  thomas
comment:  jerry
comment:  jerry
comment:  williams
comment:  robert
comment:  jerry
comment:  jerry
comment:  johnny
comment:  robert
comment:  robert
comment:  robert
comment:  daniel


cluster  85 :
comment:  bet
comment:  annoying
comment:  nowadays
comment:  lazy
comment:  complain
comment:  blame
comment:  boring
comment:  fool
comment:  annoying
comment:  annoying
comment:  annoying
comment:  annoying


cluster  86 :
comment:  wow
comment:  wow
comment:  wow
comment:  wow
comment:  wow
comment:  wonderfull
comment:  wow
comment:  wow
comment:  wow
comment:  wow
comment:  wow
comment:  wow
comment:  wow
comment:  wow


cluster  87 :
comment:  het
comment:  het
comment:  een
comment:  het
comment:  het
comment:  het
comment:  ook
comment:  een
comment:  ook
comment:  een
comment:  het
comment:  een
comment:  ook
comment:  het
comment:  als
comment:  het
comment:  een
comment:  het


cluster  88 :
comment:  soft
comment:  soft
comment:  smooth
comment:  simplicity
comment:  tone
comment:  tone
comment:  tone
comment:  tone
comment:  tone
comment:  smooth
comment:  subtle
comment:  pure
comment:  tone
comment:  hint


cluster  89 :
comment:  photography
comment:  photography
comment:  photography
comment:  photography
comment:  photography
comment:  art
comment:  photographer
comment:  photographer
comment:  photography
comment:  photographer
comment:  photographer
comment:  photographer
comment:  art
comment:  photography
comment:  photography
comment:  photography
comment:  photographer
comment:  photographer


cluster  90 :
comment:  btp
comment:  btp
comment:  btp
comment:  btp
comment:  btp
comment:  erfolg
comment:  einzelnen
comment:  bestimmen
comment:  btp
comment:  btp


cluster  91 :
comment:  welcome
comment:  welcome
comment:  welcome
comment:  welcome
comment:  welcome
comment:  friend
comment:  welcome
comment:  friend


cluster  92 :
comment:  hear
comment:  hear
comment:  hear
comment:  hear
comment:  hear
comment:  hear
comment:  hear
comment:  hear
comment:  hear
comment:  hear
comment:  hear
comment:  hear
comment:  hear
comment:  hear
comment:  hear


cluster  93 :
comment:  landscape
comment:  backdrop
comment:  landscape
comment:  painting
comment:  landscape
comment:  landscape


cluster  94 :
comment:  er
comment:  die
comment:  die
comment:  er
comment:  bent
comment:  hat
comment:  die
comment:  die
comment:  er
comment:  die


cluster  95 :
comment:  anna
comment:  anna
comment:  anna
comment:  anna
comment:  anna
comment:  nicole
comment:  nicole
comment:  anna
comment:  anna
comment:  nicole
comment:  nicole
comment:  nicole
comment:  maria
comment:  maria
comment:  nicole


cluster  96 :
comment:  wat
comment:  wat
comment:  dat
comment:  dat
comment:  dat
comment:  dat
comment:  dat
comment:  wil
comment:  wil
comment:  dat


cluster  97 :
comment:  kumar
comment:  singh
comment:  nila
comment:  kumar
comment:  sen
comment:  singh
comment:  singh
comment:  singh
comment:  nila
comment:  nila


cluster  98 :
comment:  screen
comment:  frame
comment:  frame
comment:  lens
comment:  length
comment:  frame
comment:  length
comment:  lens
comment:  frame
comment:  frame
comment:  size
comment:  mirror
comment:  frame
comment:  frame
comment:  size
comment:  angle
comment:  frame
comment:  frame


cluster  99 :
comment:  noise
comment:  noise
comment:  noise
comment:  slower
comment:  noise
comment:  noise
comment:  noise


cluster  100 :
comment:  hot
comment:  thrill
comment:  hop
comment:  theme
comment:  earth
comment:  live
comment:  live
comment:  holy
comment:  honey
comment:  honey
comment:  soul
comment:  dance
comment:  magic
comment:  magic
comment:  theme
comment:  magic
comment:  killer
comment:  holy


cluster  101 :
comment:  fulltime
comment:  pedagogical
comment:  soothe
comment:  harmoniously
comment:  sublimely
comment:  wanton
comment:  tonality
comment:  balm
comment:  prism
comment:  renovate
comment:  perfectionist


cluster  102 :
comment:  schedule
comment:  daily
comment:  daily
comment:  travel
comment:  daily
comment:  daily
comment:  period
comment:  hour
comment:  travel
comment:  daily
comment:  daily


cluster  103 :
comment:  vier
comment:  junge
comment:  besten
comment:  fahren
comment:  manche
comment:  gegen
comment:  durch
comment:  arbeit
comment:  schreiben
comment:  leider
comment:  solche
comment:  ihrem
comment:  eigenen
comment:  wegen
comment:  falsch
comment:  soll
comment:  sagen
comment:  anderen
comment:  sagen
comment:  daran


cluster  104 :
comment:  bit
comment:  bit
comment:  bit
comment:  bit
comment:  bit
comment:  bit
comment:  bit
comment:  bit
comment:  bit
comment:  bit
comment:  bit
comment:  bit
comment:  bit


cluster  105 :
comment:  jack
comment:  jack
comment:  jack
comment:  jack
comment:  jack
comment:  jack
comment:  jack
comment:  jack
comment:  jack
comment:  jack


cluster  106 :
comment:  dark
comment:  dark
comment:  white
comment:  white
comment:  white
comment:  dark
comment:  dark
comment:  dark
comment:  white
comment:  dark
comment:  dark


cluster  107 :
comment:  day
comment:  day
comment:  day
comment:  day
comment:  day
comment:  day
comment:  day
comment:  day


cluster  108 :
comment:  publish
comment:  page
comment:  page
comment:  website
comment:  page
comment:  page
comment:  page
comment:  page
comment:  page
comment:  page
comment:  profile


cluster  109 :
comment:  important
comment:  right
comment:  consider
comment:  right
comment:  right
comment:  simply
comment:  right
comment:  simply
comment:  right
comment:  simply
comment:  consider
comment:  obvious
comment:  simply
comment:  keeping
comment:  simply
comment:  point
comment:  difficult
comment:  attention
comment:  possible
comment:  difficult
comment:  right


cluster  110 :
comment:  pdf
comment:  tr
comment:  prima
comment:  tr
comment:  tr
comment:  dir
comment:  http
comment:  alias
comment:  dir
comment:  vs


cluster  111 :
comment:  merci
comment:  beaucoup
comment:  gracias
comment:  bravo
comment:  gracias
comment:  tnx
comment:  bravo
comment:  merci
comment:  beaucoup
comment:  merci
comment:  beaucoup
comment:  merci


cluster  112 :
comment:  lovely
comment:  lovely
comment:  lovely
comment:  fabulous
comment:  lovely
comment:  lovely
comment:  lovely
comment:  lovely
comment:  lovely
comment:  lovely
comment:  lovely
comment:  lovely
comment:  lovely
comment:  lovely
comment:  lovely


cluster  113 :
comment:  stefan
comment:  stefan
comment:  markus
comment:  markus
comment:  stefan
comment:  markus
comment:  markus


cluster  114 :
comment:  begin
comment:  ahead
comment:  start
comment:  turn
comment:  stop
comment:  start
comment:  turn
comment:  stop
comment:  start
comment:  start
comment:  start
comment:  ahead
comment:  ahead
comment:  stop
comment:  sit
comment:  past
comment:  start
comment:  lose
comment:  stop
comment:  start


cluster  115 :
comment:  lot
comment:  especially
comment:  especially
comment:  lot
comment:  lot
comment:  plenty
comment:  little
comment:  especially
comment:  little
comment:  lot
comment:  plenty
comment:  stuff
comment:  stuff
comment:  stuff
comment:  lot
comment:  lot
comment:  little
comment:  lot


cluster  116 :
comment:  cj
comment:  cj
comment:  levi
comment:  levi
comment:  levi
comment:  morton
comment:  amos
comment:  levi
comment:  otis


cluster  117 :
comment:  es
comment:  es
comment:  es
comment:  es
comment:  es
comment:  es
comment:  es
comment:  mal
comment:  mal
comment:  es
comment:  es
comment:  es


cluster  118 :
comment:  chance
comment:  come
comment:  come
comment:  come
comment:  moment
comment:  chance
comment:  let
comment:  come
comment:  come
comment:  let
comment:  come
comment:  bring
comment:  moment
comment:  bring
comment:  moment
comment:  moment
comment:  let
comment:  come


cluster  119 :
comment:  join
comment:  visit
comment:  celebrate
comment:  visit
comment:  visit
comment:  visit
comment:  meeting
comment:  visit
comment:  meeting


cluster  120 :
comment:  approach
comment:  provide
comment:  improve
comment:  regard
comment:  normal
comment:  depend
comment:  material
comment:  result
comment:  improvement
comment:  issue
comment:  produce
comment:  issue
comment:  result
comment:  produce
comment:  individual
comment:  result
comment:  normal
comment:  value
comment:  value
comment:  balance
comment:  affect


cluster  121 :
CAPTION: boat
comment:  thousand
comment:  expensive
comment:  traveling
comment:  skill
comment:  reveal
comment:  cross
comment:  fitting
comment:  spread
comment:  water
comment:  power
comment:  vast
comment:  whilst
comment:  water
comment:  circle
comment:  weather
comment:  dangerous
comment:  water
comment:  ample
boat 	0.29642296


cluster  122 :
comment:  yes
comment:  yes
comment:  yes
comment:  yes
comment:  sorry
comment:  kinda
comment:  luck
comment:  yes
comment:  yes
comment:  luck
comment:  luck
comment:  miss
comment:  miss
comment:  kinda
comment:  yes
comment:  lucky
comment:  guy
comment:  yes


cluster  123 :
comment:  win
comment:  ride
comment:  pain
comment:  fix
comment:  tip
comment:  minute
comment:  drop
comment:  drop
comment:  handy
comment:  plus
comment:  finger
comment:  roll
comment:  play
comment:  fix
comment:  hit
comment:  blow
comment:  beer
comment:  hit
comment:  tip
comment:  pain
comment:  plus


cluster  124 :
comment:  capture
comment:  capture
comment:  capture
comment:  capture
comment:  capture
comment:  capture


cluster  125 :
comment:  check
comment:  check
comment:  add
comment:  check
comment:  check
comment:  check
comment:  check
comment:  add
comment:  check
comment:  add


cluster  126 :
comment:  wel
comment:  beter
comment:  wel
comment:  wel
comment:  wel
comment:  wel
comment:  wel
comment:  wel
comment:  wel
comment:  wel
comment:  wel


cluster  127 :
comment:  wait
comment:  soon
comment:  soon
comment:  wait
comment:  soon
comment:  wait
comment:  wait
comment:  wait
comment:  wait
comment:  soon
comment:  soon
comment:  wait
comment:  awhile
comment:  wait
comment:  wait
comment:  soon
comment:  finally
comment:  soon
comment:  soon


cluster  128 :
comment:  guru
comment:  guru
comment:  assistant
comment:  rescue
comment:  editor
comment:  editor
comment:  publication
comment:  editor
comment:  winner


cluster  129 :
comment:  und
comment:  der
comment:  der
comment:  ber
comment:  der
comment:  und
comment:  von
comment:  das
comment:  ist
comment:  und
comment:  von
comment:  von
comment:  ich


cluster  130 :
comment:  penguin
comment:  vista
comment:  canon
comment:  photoshop
comment:  iphone
comment:  dot
comment:  cam
comment:  canon
comment:  photoshop
comment:  photoshop
comment:  dot
comment:  com
comment:  promo


cluster  131 :
comment:  ga
comment:  pa
comment:  ga
comment:  ga
comment:  gl
comment:  pa
comment:  nat
comment:  nat
comment:  pa
comment:  pa
comment:  pr


cluster  132 :
comment:  klinkt
comment:  vakantie
comment:  wanneer
comment:  laatste
comment:  vakantie
comment:  meteen
comment:  vakantie
comment:  tijd
comment:  prachtig
comment:  zetten
comment:  laatste
comment:  moeten
comment:  jaar
comment:  inderdaad
comment:  vond
comment:  grappig
comment:  wanneer
comment:  geven
comment:  wanneer
comment:  vakantie
comment:  vakantie
comment:  tijd
comment:  aantal
comment:  dingen
comment:  prachtig
comment:  prachtig
comment:  niets
comment:  commentaar


cluster  133 :
comment:  hien
comment:  hien
comment:  hien
comment:  hien
comment:  hien
comment:  satz
comment:  hien
comment:  hien
comment:  graaf


cluster  134 :
comment:  area
comment:  area
comment:  location
comment:  location
comment:  popular
comment:  large
comment:  area
comment:  explore
comment:  large
comment:  location


cluster  135 :
comment:  sir
comment:  hi
comment:  hi
comment:  don
comment:  don
comment:  sir
comment:  sunday
comment:  hi
comment:  hello
comment:  sir
comment:  sir


cluster  136 :
comment:  julia
comment:  julia
comment:  joan
comment:  joan
comment:  andrea
comment:  andrea
comment:  sharon
comment:  joan
comment:  andrea
comment:  linda
comment:  sandra
comment:  sandra
comment:  andrea
comment:  andrea
comment:  joan
comment:  joan
comment:  joan
comment:  sharon
comment:  sharon
comment:  carey
comment:  christine
comment:  cindy
comment:  carey


cluster  137 :
comment:  catch
comment:  spot
comment:  half
comment:  catch
comment:  spot
comment:  spot
comment:  half
comment:  spot
comment:  spot
comment:  spot


cluster  138 :
comment:  paul
comment:  paul
comment:  john
comment:  scott
comment:  scott
comment:  lee
comment:  michael
comment:  michael
comment:  tim
comment:  tim
comment:  sam
comment:  alex
comment:  alex
comment:  chris
comment:  chris
comment:  david
comment:  david
comment:  david
comment:  david
comment:  matt
comment:  matt
comment:  george
comment:  george
comment:  david
comment:  david
comment:  chris
comment:  chris
comment:  michael
comment:  michael
comment:  scott
comment:  scott
comment:  david
comment:  david
comment:  mary
comment:  mary
comment:  scott
comment:  scott
comment:  peter
comment:  scott
comment:  michael
comment:  michael
comment:  michael
comment:  michael
comment:  michael
comment:  sam
comment:  chris
comment:  tom
comment:  tom


cluster  139 :
comment:  ben
comment:  dan
comment:  dan
comment:  foto
comment:  meg
comment:  foto


cluster  140 :
comment:  vishal
comment:  kamal
comment:  satish
comment:  sumit
comment:  sumit
comment:  kamal
comment:  kamal
comment:  jamal
comment:  jamal
comment:  gaurav
comment:  gaurav
comment:  kamal
comment:  rohit
comment:  abdullah


cluster  141 :
comment:  forward
comment:  forward
comment:  forward
comment:  read
comment:  follow
comment:  follow
comment:  write
comment:  follow
comment:  write
comment:  forward
comment:  follow
comment:  help
comment:  follow
comment:  follow
comment:  help


cluster  142 :
comment:  job
comment:  job
comment:  job
comment:  job
comment:  job
comment:  job


cluster  143 :
comment:  impressive
comment:  outstanding
comment:  outstanding
comment:  impressive
comment:  excellent
comment:  excellent
comment:  excellent


cluster  144 :
comment:  anette
comment:  anette
comment:  vitor
comment:  vitor
comment:  jemma
comment:  renton
comment:  marquardt
comment:  thierry
comment:  thierry
comment:  mady
comment:  nikola
comment:  nikola
comment:  anette
comment:  koontz
comment:  sinead
comment:  sinead
comment:  anette
comment:  anette
comment:  nikola
comment:  nikola


cluster  145 :
comment:  marvelous
comment:  marvelous
comment:  inspiration
comment:  brilliant
comment:  inspiring


cluster  146 :
comment:  fine
comment:  fine
comment:  perfectly
comment:  fine
comment:  nicely
comment:  fine
comment:  perfect
comment:  fine
comment:  fine
comment:  fine
comment:  perfect
comment:  perfect


cluster  147 :
comment:  yasmin
comment:  flipper
comment:  fico
comment:  yasmin
comment:  yasmin
comment:  alps
comment:  austria
comment:  redding
comment:  austria
comment:  flipper
comment:  nsa


cluster  148 :
comment:  disappear
comment:  urge
comment:  expectation
comment:  frustration
comment:  sentence
comment:  downside
comment:  expectation
comment:  settle
comment:  settle


cluster  149 :
comment:  look
comment:  look
comment:  look
comment:  look
comment:  look
comment:  look
comment:  look
comment:  look
comment:  pretty
comment:  look
comment:  look
comment:  look
comment:  look


cluster  150 :
comment:  bill
comment:  mark
comment:  mark
comment:  mark


cluster  151 :
comment:  dear
comment:  congrats
comment:  dear
comment:  dear


cluster  152 :
comment:  pleased
comment:  advice
comment:  encouragement
comment:  feedback
comment:  feedback
comment:  encouragement
comment:  encouraging
comment:  feedback
comment:  response
comment:  positive


cluster  153 :
comment:  je
comment:  je
comment:  je
comment:  je
comment:  je
comment:  je
comment:  je
comment:  je
comment:  je
comment:  je
comment:  je
comment:  je
comment:  je
comment:  je
comment:  je


cluster  154 :
comment:  al
comment:  de
comment:  de
comment:  de
comment:  de
comment:  con
comment:  de
comment:  de
comment:  de
comment:  de
comment:  de
comment:  de
comment:  de
comment:  de
comment:  de
comment:  de


cluster  155 :
comment:  mijn
comment:  naar
comment:  mijn
comment:  voor
comment:  zijn
comment:  mijn
comment:  moet
comment:  geen
comment:  meer
comment:  veel
comment:  voor
comment:  maken
comment:  mijn
comment:  niet
comment:  veel
comment:  deze
comment:  uit
comment:  uit
comment:  geen


cluster  156 :
comment:  worth
comment:  extra
comment:  worth
comment:  extra
comment:  worth
comment:  spend
comment:  worth
comment:  spend
comment:  worth
comment:  money
comment:  worth
comment:  spend


cluster  157 :
comment:  sharpen
comment:  correspond
comment:  stimulating
comment:  compose
comment:  execute
comment:  formidable
comment:  motive
comment:  continent
comment:  lucrative
comment:  payment
comment:  reject
comment:  compose
comment:  approve
comment:  therapy
comment:  workflow
comment:  pipeline
comment:  consume
comment:  halt
comment:  forwards
comment:  compose


cluster  158 :
comment:  enjoy
comment:  enjoy
comment:  fun
comment:  enjoy
comment:  enjoy
comment:  fun
comment:  fun
comment:  fun
comment:  pleasure


cluster  159 :
comment:  nguyen
comment:  enzo
comment:  ros
comment:  halen
comment:  hoa
comment:  nguyen
comment:  nguyen
comment:  lund
comment:  nguyen
comment:  nguyen
comment:  nguyen
comment:  tran


cluster  160 :
comment:  online
comment:  online
comment:  chat
comment:  free
comment:  news
comment:  online
comment:  online
comment:  chat
comment:  online
comment:  review


cluster  161 :
comment:  sublime
comment:  serene
comment:  serenity
comment:  serene
comment:  artistry
comment:  serenity
comment:  calming
comment:  silky
comment:  magnificant
comment:  tranquility
comment:  serene
comment:  stillness


cluster  162 :
comment:  reflection
comment:  reflection
comment:  reflection
comment:  reflection


cluster  163 :
comment:  janusz
comment:  dalibor
comment:  pelaez
comment:  dalibor
comment:  dalibor
comment:  janusz
comment:  dalibor
comment:  dalibor
comment:  dalibor
comment:  azaz
comment:  giorgi


cluster  164 :
comment:  sound
comment:  sound
comment:  sound
comment:  sound
comment:  mood
comment:  sound


cluster  165 :
comment:  line
comment:  line
comment:  second
comment:  line
comment:  single
comment:  final
comment:  second
comment:  second
comment:  line
comment:  line


cluster  166 :
comment:  certainly
comment:  mention
comment:  understand
comment:  certainly
comment:  people
comment:  mean
comment:  matter
comment:  exactly
comment:  mind
comment:  far
comment:  people
comment:  exactly
comment:  mention
comment:  mind
comment:  certainly
comment:  people
comment:  doubt
comment:  sense
comment:  happen
comment:  probably
comment:  mention
comment:  mean
comment:  mind
comment:  expect
comment:  probably
comment:  exactly
comment:  exactly
comment:  suppose


cluster  167 :
comment:  tonight
comment:  sing
comment:  baby
comment:  sister
comment:  sing
comment:  sister
comment:  ago
comment:  hug


cluster  168 :
comment:  nl
comment:  nr
comment:  nr
comment:  nl
comment:  lr
comment:  nr


cluster  169 :
comment:  july
comment:  costa
comment:  european
comment:  diego
comment:  diego
comment:  chicago
comment:  nyc
comment:  australia
comment:  belle
comment:  july
comment:  louis
comment:  louis
comment:  european
comment:  america


cluster  170 :
comment:  sure
comment:  sure
comment:  sure
comment:  want
comment:  sure
comment:  sure
comment:  want
comment:  sure
comment:  want
comment:  sure
comment:  want
comment:  want
comment:  want


cluster  171 :
comment:  camera
comment:  camera
comment:  camera
comment:  camera
comment:  camera
comment:  camera
comment:  camera
comment:  camera

101373961279443806744.5926863011034017698
a bear is standing on a rock in the water 

matrix comment dim (2303, 2303)


cluster  0 :
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love


cluster  1 :
comment:  combi
comment:  potd
comment:  swanepoel
comment:  lightroom
comment:  paysage
comment:  toque
comment:  larch
comment:  imagen
comment:  photowalk
comment:  lightroom
comment:  cairn


cluster  2 :
comment:  size
comment:  finger
comment:  size
comment:  brown
comment:  flat
comment:  white
comment:  angle
comment:  flat
comment:  shadow
comment:  frame
comment:  angle
comment:  mirror
comment:  shadow
comment:  pure
comment:  texture
comment:  flat
comment:  wood
comment:  shade
comment:  crisp


cluster  3 :
comment:  michael
comment:  michael
comment:  steve
comment:  george
comment:  george
comment:  michael
comment:  chris
comment:  eric
comment:  eric
comment:  michael
comment:  michael
comment:  daniel
comment:  eric
comment:  eric
comment:  robert
comment:  michael
comment:  michael
comment:  john
comment:  john
comment:  david
comment:  george
comment:  george
comment:  kevin
comment:  kevin
comment:  michael
comment:  michael
comment:  paul
comment:  david
comment:  david
comment:  michael
comment:  michael
comment:  jim
comment:  jim
comment:  michael
comment:  michael
comment:  michael
comment:  michael
comment:  paul
comment:  tom
comment:  david
comment:  david
comment:  steve
comment:  steve
comment:  alex
comment:  alex
comment:  matt
comment:  matt
comment:  michael
comment:  peter
comment:  paul
comment:  peter
comment:  paul


cluster  4 :
comment:  follow
comment:  follow
comment:  forward
comment:  forward
comment:  opportunity
comment:  follow
comment:  follow
comment:  help
comment:  forward
comment:  opportunity
comment:  forward
comment:  forward
comment:  help
comment:  opportunity
comment:  forward
comment:  forward
comment:  forward


cluster  5 :
comment:  landscapephotography
comment:  besttopphotographer
comment:  versaci
comment:  sairam
comment:  sundaresan
comment:  sairam
comment:  trouser
comment:  wundersch
comment:  spiegelung
comment:  heick
comment:  hambley
comment:  strijklicht
comment:  structuur
comment:  rotsen
comment:  wandelen
comment:  fotograferen
comment:  dolny
comment:  wowwee
comment:  rikard
comment:  lindby
comment:  rikard
comment:  kooijman
comment:  falvo
comment:  graan
comment:  stepanyan
comment:  outtabound
comment:  parlow
comment:  notarget
comment:  proyou
comment:  besttopphotographer
comment:  versaci
comment:  muraz
comment:  misplace
comment:  vietzke
comment:  manousos
comment:  landscapephotography
comment:  rimovska
comment:  rousset
comment:  bouriat
comment:  gunder
comment:  kislov
comment:  ilieva
comment:  soestbergen
comment:  compositie
comment:  paradijs
comment:  gecre
comment:  landscapephotography
comment:  delcour
comment:  esguerra
comment:  landscapephotography
comment:  skreiner
comment:  splendide
comment:  muraz
comment:  civilizaci
comment:  destruiria
comment:  avaricia
comment:  snoy
comment:  grossartige
comment:  ausgesucht
comment:  hqsp
comment:  qadira
comment:  umayyah
comment:  anatoliy
comment:  urbanskiy
comment:  grzegorz
comment:  piechowicz
comment:  grzegorz
comment:  niederer
comment:  nter
comment:  schurr
comment:  nther
comment:  engadin
comment:  derborence
comment:  haferland
comment:  mossbacher
comment:  renay
comment:  renay
comment:  photoclub
comment:  engadin
comment:  hqsp
comment:  muraz
comment:  nsche
comment:  naghmeh
comment:  khadembashi
comment:  naghmeh
comment:  pevlor
comment:  delpero
comment:  tompkin
comment:  aballe
comment:  salmela
comment:  menefee
comment:  wempe
comment:  mutita
comment:  edibleart
comment:  jany
comment:  viala
comment:  muraz
comment:  karacay
comment:  tkan
comment:  turkowski
comment:  taconn
comment:  nikolski
comment:  rousher
comment:  gijbel
comment:  westerlund
comment:  kergroac
comment:  mham
comment:  belhaj
comment:  vergauwen
comment:  onschuldig
comment:  grzegorz
comment:  piechowicz
comment:  markiewicz
comment:  filatov
comment:  pabroquez
comment:  zwitserland
comment:  derborence
comment:  muraz
comment:  reflextion
comment:  artistphtographeramateurorprofessional
comment:  jany
comment:  viala
comment:  felczak
comment:  subra
comment:  subra
comment:  manousos
comment:  renay
comment:  ryndak
comment:  derborence
comment:  graan
comment:  neuberth
comment:  vergauwen
comment:  davorin
comment:  davorin
comment:  boine
comment:  landsmann
comment:  ller


cluster  6 :
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan


cluster  7 :
comment:  perfect
comment:  perfectly
comment:  perfect
comment:  perfect


cluster  8 :
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg


cluster  9 :
comment:  der
comment:  het
comment:  tot
comment:  een
comment:  om
comment:  een
comment:  het
comment:  je
comment:  wel
comment:  een
comment:  je
comment:  het
comment:  este
comment:  wel
comment:  je
comment:  meg
comment:  je
comment:  wel
comment:  ik


cluster  10 :
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thanks
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thanks
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thanks
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank


cluster  11 :
comment:  marina
comment:  lake
comment:  lake
comment:  sea
comment:  lake
comment:  lake
comment:  marina
comment:  sea
comment:  haven
comment:  hill
comment:  lake
comment:  lake
comment:  solitude
comment:  lake
comment:  lake
comment:  countryside
comment:  solitude


cluster  12 :
comment:  feel
comment:  thing
comment:  kind
comment:  thing
comment:  better
comment:  kind
comment:  kind
comment:  kind
comment:  kind
comment:  kind
comment:  thing
comment:  way
comment:  way
comment:  thing
comment:  way
comment:  imagine
comment:  feel
comment:  thing


cluster  13 :
comment:  gorgeous
comment:  beautiful
comment:  lovely
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  lovely
comment:  beautiful
comment:  gorgeous
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  gorgeous
comment:  beautiful
comment:  gorgeous
comment:  lovely
comment:  beautiful
comment:  gorgeous
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  gorgeous
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  gorgeous
comment:  beautiful
comment:  gorgeous
comment:  lovely
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  gorgeous
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  gorgeous
comment:  beautiful


cluster  14 :
comment:  oh
comment:  yep
comment:  wow
comment:  wow
comment:  oh
comment:  wow
comment:  yep
comment:  hehe
comment:  buddy
comment:  wow
comment:  hey
comment:  lol
comment:  wonderfull
comment:  hey
comment:  oh
comment:  wow
comment:  haha
comment:  hey
comment:  wow
comment:  wow
comment:  hey
comment:  oh
comment:  oh
comment:  wow


cluster  15 :
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photograph
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo


cluster  16 :
comment:  day
comment:  day
comment:  day
comment:  day
comment:  day
comment:  day
comment:  day
comment:  day
comment:  day
comment:  day


cluster  17 :
comment:  costa
comment:  alps
comment:  costa
comment:  switzerland
comment:  alps
comment:  costa
comment:  ottawa
comment:  montreal
comment:  ontario
comment:  niagara
comment:  swiss
comment:  alberta
comment:  columbia
comment:  sierra
comment:  nevada
comment:  switzerland
comment:  heath
comment:  swiss


cluster  18 :
comment:  survive
comment:  season
comment:  survive
comment:  left
comment:  run
comment:  drop
comment:  play
comment:  arrive
comment:  track
comment:  season
comment:  early
comment:  return
comment:  play
comment:  win
comment:  hit
comment:  slowly
comment:  arrive


cluster  19 :
comment:  dubois
comment:  rik
comment:  marquardt
comment:  farah
comment:  thierry
comment:  thierry
comment:  arlene
comment:  wilhelm
comment:  milena
comment:  milena
comment:  rg
comment:  richter
comment:  garza
comment:  rowe
comment:  christa
comment:  anette
comment:  garza
comment:  werner
comment:  nikola
comment:  nikola
comment:  thierry
comment:  jansen
comment:  rohan
comment:  markus
comment:  markus


cluster  20 :
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great


cluster  21 :
comment:  tompkins
comment:  montreux
comment:  marcello
comment:  prins
comment:  hilbert
comment:  dunne
comment:  tompkins
comment:  roberson
comment:  lundgren
comment:  hilbert
comment:  gunderson
comment:  wakeman
comment:  griggs
comment:  dermot
comment:  dermot
comment:  mcclure


cluster  22 :
comment:  sheila
comment:  manuel
comment:  gemma
comment:  gemma
comment:  dirk
comment:  dirk
comment:  rodney
comment:  gemma
comment:  gemma
comment:  cj
comment:  cj
comment:  elena
comment:  gemma
comment:  kumar
comment:  orr
comment:  lori
comment:  fletcher
comment:  andreas
comment:  levi
comment:  enrique
comment:  enrique
comment:  manuel
comment:  wong
comment:  michel
comment:  michel
comment:  rita
comment:  shelly
comment:  shelly
comment:  monique
comment:  singh
comment:  nora
comment:  nora
comment:  michel
comment:  michel
comment:  monique
comment:  ivan
comment:  owens


cluster  23 :
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share


cluster  24 :
comment:  large
comment:  piece
comment:  large
comment:  high
comment:  fresh
comment:  wide
comment:  tiny
comment:  deep
comment:  fresh


cluster  25 :
comment:  exposure
comment:  mill
comment:  explode
comment:  purity
comment:  tops
comment:  minor
comment:  linger
comment:  peak
comment:  intensity
comment:  tension
comment:  mill
comment:  heel
comment:  gently
comment:  explode
comment:  stream
comment:  wipe
comment:  shield
comment:  weave
comment:  behave
comment:  exposure
comment:  border
comment:  climate
comment:  whiskey
comment:  prep
comment:  pint
comment:  cap


cluster  26 :
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment
comment:  admire
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment


cluster  27 :
comment:  clarity
comment:  highlight
comment:  detail
comment:  contrast
comment:  highlight
comment:  visual
comment:  display
comment:  convey
comment:  contrast


cluster  28 :
comment:  afraid
comment:  reason
comment:  hear
comment:  hear
comment:  hear
comment:  able
comment:  need
comment:  try
comment:  need
comment:  people
comment:  reason
comment:  bring
comment:  wrong
comment:  people
comment:  hear
comment:  need
comment:  bring
comment:  right
comment:  right
comment:  need
comment:  hear


cluster  29 :
comment:  heck
comment:  yes
comment:  yes
comment:  yes
comment:  sorry
comment:  yes
comment:  sad
comment:  anyways
comment:  yes
comment:  yes
comment:  sorry
comment:  yes
comment:  yes
comment:  sorry
comment:  sad
comment:  sorry
comment:  ok


cluster  30 :
comment:  marvellous
comment:  scenery
comment:  scenery
comment:  breathtaking
comment:  magnificent
comment:  scenery
comment:  splendid
comment:  spectacular
comment:  scenery
comment:  scenery
comment:  breathtaking
comment:  spectacular
comment:  magnificent
comment:  magnificent
comment:  majestic
comment:  scenery


cluster  31 :
comment:  wad
comment:  die
comment:  die
comment:  er
comment:  fist
comment:  gamble
comment:  th
comment:  king
comment:  hat
comment:  die
comment:  drool
comment:  princess
comment:  bliss
comment:  amateur
comment:  ve


cluster  32 :
comment:  editor
comment:  notification
comment:  editor
comment:  editor
comment:  map
comment:  journal
comment:  photoshop
comment:  google
comment:  delete
comment:  bill
comment:  bill
comment:  delete
comment:  photoshop


cluster  33 :
comment:  einfach
comment:  komt
comment:  mooi
comment:  zijn
comment:  moet
comment:  mooie
comment:  zijn
comment:  hebben
comment:  toch
comment:  mooie
comment:  voor
comment:  inte
comment:  mooi
comment:  doch
comment:  eine
comment:  heeft
comment:  gedaan
comment:  toch


cluster  34 :
comment:  fantastic
comment:  amazing
comment:  amazing
comment:  fantastic
comment:  fantastic
comment:  fantastic
comment:  fabulous
comment:  fantastic
comment:  amazing
comment:  fantastic
comment:  fantastic
comment:  fabulous
comment:  fantastic
comment:  fantastic
comment:  amazing
comment:  fantastic
comment:  fantastic
comment:  amazing
comment:  amazing
comment:  fantastic
comment:  fantastic
comment:  fantastic
comment:  fantastic
comment:  fantastic
comment:  amazing
comment:  amazing
comment:  fantastic


cluster  35 :
comment:  view
comment:  view
comment:  view
comment:  view
comment:  view
comment:  view
comment:  view
comment:  view
comment:  view
comment:  view
comment:  view
comment:  view
comment:  view


cluster  36 :
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image


cluster  37 :
comment:  reynold
comment:  dalibor
comment:  dalibor
comment:  godoy
comment:  trillo
comment:  giorgi
comment:  alycia
comment:  pelaez
comment:  mieke
comment:  wilfried
comment:  wilfried
comment:  marilou
comment:  marilou
comment:  jutta
comment:  natascha
comment:  christer
comment:  maciej
comment:  maciej
comment:  adcock
comment:  reynaud
comment:  krzysztof
comment:  paulin


cluster  38 :
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  awesome
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  cool
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  cool
comment:  cool
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  awesome
comment:  nice
comment:  awesome
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  awesome
comment:  nice
comment:  awesome
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  awesome
comment:  nice


cluster  39 :
comment:  luck
comment:  dear
comment:  friend
comment:  luck
comment:  luck
comment:  luck
comment:  luck
comment:  friend
comment:  friend
comment:  luck
comment:  luck
comment:  dear
comment:  friend


cluster  40 :
comment:  shoot
comment:  shot
comment:  shot
comment:  scene
comment:  shot
comment:  scene
comment:  shot
comment:  shot
comment:  shot
comment:  shot
comment:  shot
comment:  shot
comment:  scene
comment:  shoot
comment:  shoot
comment:  shot
comment:  shot
comment:  scene
comment:  shot
comment:  shot


cluster  41 :
comment:  aw
comment:  wat
comment:  ps
comment:  sir
comment:  whoa
comment:  aww
comment:  fb
comment:  whew
comment:  welll
comment:  tnx
comment:  bravo
comment:  nope
comment:  tnx
comment:  sir
comment:  wat


cluster  42 :
comment:  wish
comment:  hope
comment:  wish
comment:  hope
comment:  hope
comment:  hope
comment:  wish
comment:  happy
comment:  hope
comment:  hope
comment:  wish
comment:  hope
comment:  appreciate
comment:  hope
comment:  hope
comment:  hope
comment:  hope
comment:  hope
comment:  hope
comment:  wish


cluster  43 :
comment:  color
comment:  color
comment:  color
comment:  color
comment:  colour
comment:  color
comment:  colour
comment:  color
comment:  color
comment:  color
comment:  color
comment:  colour
comment:  color
comment:  color
comment:  color
comment:  colour
comment:  colour
comment:  colour


cluster  44 :
comment:  overall
comment:  instance
comment:  drive
comment:  line
comment:  location
comment:  approach
comment:  approach
comment:  area
comment:  approach
comment:  line
comment:  difficulty
comment:  interest
comment:  regard
comment:  area
comment:  class
comment:  subject
comment:  alternative
comment:  process
comment:  focus
comment:  area
comment:  main
comment:  avoid
comment:  depend
comment:  provide
comment:  current
comment:  evidence
comment:  balance
comment:  process
comment:  line
comment:  professional
comment:  area
comment:  produce


cluster  45 :
comment:  capture
comment:  capture
comment:  capture
comment:  capture
comment:  capture
comment:  capture
comment:  capture
comment:  capture
comment:  capture
comment:  capture
comment:  capture
comment:  capture
comment:  capture
comment:  capture


cluster  46 :
comment:  carry
comment:  learn
comment:  care
comment:  word
comment:  stop
comment:  write
comment:  word
comment:  word
comment:  word
comment:  assume
comment:  word
comment:  sit
comment:  plan
comment:  job
comment:  stop
comment:  stop
comment:  stop
comment:  plan
comment:  poor
comment:  deal
comment:  decide
comment:  stop
comment:  success


cluster  47 :
comment:  mountain
comment:  mountain
comment:  mountain
comment:  mountain
comment:  mountain
comment:  mountain
comment:  mountain
comment:  mountain
comment:  mountain
comment:  mountain
comment:  mountain
comment:  mountain
comment:  mountain
comment:  mountain
comment:  mountain
comment:  mountain
comment:  mountain
comment:  mountain
comment:  mountain
comment:  mountain
comment:  mountain


cluster  48 :
comment:  photographer
comment:  photographer
comment:  photographer
comment:  photographer
comment:  photographer
comment:  photographer
comment:  photographer
comment:  photographer
comment:  artist
comment:  photographer


cluster  49 :
CAPTION: stand
comment:  choice
comment:  particular
comment:  close
comment:  close
comment:  different
comment:  choice
comment:  choice
comment:  busy
comment:  prefer
comment:  life
comment:  huge
comment:  busy
comment:  course
comment:  worth
comment:  country
comment:  new
comment:  spend
comment:  outside
comment:  completely
comment:  strong
comment:  close
comment:  present
comment:  course
comment:  spot
comment:  worth
comment:  completely
comment:  clear
stand 	0.40341163


cluster  50 :
comment:  wait
comment:  come
comment:  finally
comment:  soon
comment:  stay
comment:  leave
comment:  leave
comment:  stay
comment:  soon
comment:  leave
comment:  leave
comment:  soon
comment:  soon
comment:  come
comment:  leave
comment:  come
comment:  come
comment:  leave
comment:  leave
comment:  come
comment:  soon
comment:  leave
comment:  leave
comment:  finally
comment:  leave
comment:  come
comment:  moment
comment:  moment


cluster  51 :
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work


cluster  52 :
comment:  comment
comment:  post
comment:  post
comment:  comment
comment:  post
comment:  comment
comment:  post
comment:  read
comment:  post
comment:  comment


cluster  53 :
comment:  want
comment:  want
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  want
comment:  want
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  want
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  want
comment:  like


cluster  54 :
comment:  page
comment:  page
comment:  page
comment:  page
comment:  page
comment:  page
comment:  page
comment:  page
comment:  list


cluster  55 :
comment:  woooow
comment:  wowww
comment:  beena
comment:  beena
comment:  yoiu
comment:  vishal
comment:  vishal
comment:  aamir
comment:  aamir
comment:  fpr
comment:  kamal


cluster  56 :
comment:  hemisphere
comment:  altitude
comment:  intersect
comment:  cityscape
comment:  intersect
comment:  alpine
comment:  glacier


cluster  57 :
comment:  organize
comment:  abroad
comment:  group
comment:  worldwide
comment:  upcoming
comment:  discuss
comment:  contribution
comment:  technical
comment:  upgrade
comment:  publish
comment:  portfolio
comment:  annual
comment:  outcome
comment:  approve
comment:  upcoming
comment:  upcoming
comment:  workshop
comment:  budget
comment:  release


cluster  58 :
comment:  sister
comment:  sigh
comment:  sister
comment:  wife
comment:  mother
comment:  hug
comment:  embarrassed
comment:  regret


cluster  59 :
comment:  landscape
comment:  landscape
comment:  landscape
comment:  landscape
comment:  landscape
comment:  landscape
comment:  landscape
comment:  landscape
comment:  landscape
comment:  landscape
comment:  landscape
comment:  landscape


cluster  60 :
comment:  look
comment:  look
comment:  look
comment:  pretty
comment:  pretty
comment:  pretty
comment:  look
comment:  pretty
comment:  look
comment:  look
comment:  look
comment:  look
comment:  look
comment:  pretty
comment:  pretty
comment:  pretty
comment:  look
comment:  look
comment:  look
comment:  look


cluster  61 :
comment:  comi
comment:  wunderbar
comment:  sach
comment:  ojala
comment:  hermoso
comment:  lugar
comment:  nunca
comment:  porque
comment:  algunos
comment:  bild
comment:  seite
comment:  wekend
comment:  fantastique
comment:  gerne
comment:  gute
comment:  nacht
comment:  tje
comment:  baki
comment:  baki
comment:  sach


cluster  62 :
comment:  reflection
comment:  reflection
comment:  reflection
comment:  reflection
comment:  nature
comment:  reflection
comment:  reflection
comment:  reflection
comment:  reflection
comment:  reflection
comment:  reflection
comment:  reflection
comment:  nature
comment:  reflection
comment:  reflection
comment:  reflection
comment:  reflection


cluster  63 :
comment:  touch
comment:  warm
comment:  boring
comment:  sound
comment:  mood
comment:  boring
comment:  sound
comment:  sound
comment:  calm
comment:  sound
comment:  sound
comment:  sound
comment:  mood


cluster  64 :
comment:  autumn
comment:  autumn
comment:  autumn
comment:  autumn
comment:  flower
comment:  autumn
comment:  autumn
comment:  autumn
comment:  autumn


cluster  65 :
comment:  margaret
comment:  campbell
comment:  christopher
comment:  joshua
comment:  joshua
comment:  russell
comment:  cox
comment:  harvey
comment:  walter
comment:  walter
comment:  margaret
comment:  kerry
comment:  murphy
comment:  kerry
comment:  margaret
comment:  margaret
comment:  margaret
comment:  russell
comment:  deborah
comment:  hughes
comment:  jeffrey
comment:  jeffrey
comment:  margaret
comment:  margaret


cluster  66 :
comment:  fun
comment:  amazed
comment:  enjoy
comment:  enjoyable
comment:  pleasure
comment:  enjoy
comment:  fun
comment:  exciting
comment:  fun
comment:  enjoy
comment:  pleasure
comment:  enjoy


cluster  67 :
comment:  de
comment:  van
comment:  de
comment:  en
comment:  te
comment:  en
comment:  te
comment:  van
comment:  que
comment:  lo
comment:  la
comment:  se
comment:  se
comment:  por
comment:  la
comment:  de
comment:  le
comment:  foto
comment:  van
comment:  sa


cluster  68 :
comment:  bit
comment:  bit
comment:  bit
comment:  bit
comment:  nicely
comment:  bit
comment:  bunch
comment:  usual
comment:  somewhat
comment:  bit
comment:  usual
comment:  bunch
comment:  bit


cluster  69 :
comment:  congrat
comment:  amigo
comment:  merci
comment:  merci
comment:  beaucoup
comment:  merci
comment:  beaucoup
comment:  danke
comment:  danke
comment:  merci
comment:  beaucoup
comment:  merci
comment:  beaucoup
comment:  merci
comment:  danke


cluster  70 :
comment:  agree
comment:  agree
comment:  agree
comment:  agree
comment:  agree
comment:  agree
comment:  agree
comment:  honest
comment:  agree
comment:  agree
comment:  admit


cluster  71 :
comment:  guess
comment:  sure
comment:  think
comment:  guess
comment:  think
comment:  maybe
comment:  know
comment:  think
comment:  think
comment:  think
comment:  think
comment:  think
comment:  guess
comment:  sure
comment:  think
comment:  sure
comment:  know
comment:  maybe
comment:  think
comment:  know
comment:  forget


cluster  72 :
comment:  dominique
comment:  dominique
comment:  dominique
comment:  dominique
comment:  dominique
comment:  benoit
comment:  dominique
comment:  dominique
comment:  dominique
comment:  dominique
comment:  denis


cluster  73 :
comment:  october
comment:  october
comment:  oct
comment:  november
comment:  november
comment:  october
comment:  november
comment:  thursday
comment:  november


cluster  74 :
comment:  stunner
comment:  dank
comment:  dank
comment:  barb
comment:  barb
comment:  hick
comment:  beautyful
comment:  dank
comment:  dank
comment:  stunner


cluster  75 :
comment:  stunning
comment:  stunning
comment:  stunning
comment:  stunning
comment:  stunning
comment:  stunning
comment:  beautifully
comment:  stunning
comment:  beautifully
comment:  stunning
comment:  stunning
comment:  stunning
comment:  stunning
comment:  stunning


cluster  76 :
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good


cluster  77 :
comment:  dramatic
comment:  beauty
comment:  beauty
comment:  beauty
comment:  beauty
comment:  beauty
comment:  beauty
comment:  dramatic


cluster  78 :
comment:  time
comment:  time
comment:  time
comment:  place
comment:  place
comment:  time
comment:  time
comment:  time
comment:  place
comment:  place
comment:  rest
comment:  long
comment:  time
comment:  time
comment:  time
comment:  place
comment:  rest
comment:  place
comment:  time
comment:  time
comment:  long
comment:  place


cluster  79 :
comment:  end
comment:  start
comment:  start
comment:  start
comment:  start
comment:  change
comment:  end
comment:  end
comment:  past
comment:  end
comment:  start
comment:  change
comment:  end
comment:  beginning


cluster  80 :
CAPTION: rock
CAPTION: water
comment:  rock
comment:  cross
comment:  door
comment:  disappear
comment:  mark
comment:  globe
comment:  land
comment:  escape
comment:  mark
comment:  mark
comment:  rock
comment:  corner
comment:  chase
comment:  city
comment:  water
comment:  mid
comment:  city
comment:  escape
comment:  water
rock 	0.347037730248
water 	0.358029479259


cluster  81 :
comment:  welcome
comment:  welcome
comment:  welcome
comment:  welcome
comment:  welcome


cluster  82 :
comment:  pa
comment:  ireland
comment:  jack
comment:  california
comment:  toronto
comment:  toronto
comment:  christian
comment:  christian
comment:  ireland
comment:  boston
comment:  nyc
comment:  chicago
comment:  vista
comment:  usa
comment:  toronto
comment:  british
comment:  canada
comment:  toronto
comment:  victoria
comment:  ireland


cluster  83 :
comment:  project
comment:  project
comment:  project
comment:  project
comment:  project
comment:  project
comment:  project


cluster  84 :
comment:  art
comment:  photography
comment:  photography
comment:  photography
comment:  photography
comment:  photography
comment:  photography


cluster  85 :
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful


cluster  86 :
comment:  summer
comment:  summer
comment:  evening
comment:  trip
comment:  trip
comment:  summer
comment:  trip
comment:  summer
comment:  night
comment:  summer
comment:  trip
comment:  trip


cluster  87 :
comment:  scary
comment:  fool
comment:  smile
comment:  man
comment:  man
comment:  super
comment:  man
comment:  super


cluster  88 :
comment:  simpson
comment:  miller
comment:  betty
comment:  betty
comment:  thomas
comment:  thomas
comment:  thomas
comment:  johnny
comment:  miller
comment:  jerry
comment:  johnson
comment:  jerry
comment:  bella
comment:  jean
comment:  jean
comment:  williams
comment:  lewis
comment:  ben
comment:  robin
comment:  carol
comment:  betty


cluster  89 :
comment:  picture
comment:  picture
comment:  picture
comment:  picture


cluster  90 :
comment:  lot
comment:  lot
comment:  interesting
comment:  lot
comment:  lot
comment:  little
comment:  plenty
comment:  plenty
comment:  feeling
comment:  big
comment:  interesting
comment:  interesting
comment:  plenty
comment:  lot
comment:  best
comment:  plenty
comment:  curious
comment:  big
comment:  little
comment:  little
comment:  lot
comment:  couple


cluster  91 :
comment:  fall
comment:  fall
comment:  fall
comment:  fall
comment:  fall
comment:  fall
comment:  fall
comment:  fall
comment:  fall
comment:  fall
comment:  fall
comment:  fall
comment:  fall
comment:  fall


cluster  92 :
comment:  prachtig
comment:  recht
comment:  omgeving
comment:  heerlijk
comment:  inderdaad
comment:  perfecte
comment:  gefeliciteerd
comment:  hebt
comment:  absolument
comment:  moeder
comment:  natuur
comment:  prachtig
comment:  alweer
comment:  prachtig


cluster  93 :
comment:  add
comment:  use
comment:  add
comment:  use
comment:  add
comment:  use
comment:  add


cluster  94 :
comment:  btp
comment:  btp
comment:  btp
comment:  btp
comment:  btp
comment:  btp
comment:  btp


cluster  95 :
comment:  light
comment:  light
comment:  light
comment:  light
comment:  light
comment:  green
comment:  light
comment:  eye
comment:  light


cluster  96 :
comment:  offer
comment:  quality
comment:  immense
comment:  outstanding
comment:  lively
comment:  exceptionally
comment:  outstanding
comment:  quality


cluster  97 :
comment:  zurich
comment:  norther
comment:  yasmin
comment:  piedmont
comment:  piedmont
comment:  dempsey
comment:  enzo
comment:  ros
comment:  kellogg
comment:  schweiz
comment:  schweiz
comment:  bannister
comment:  athena
comment:  gallup
comment:  koontz
comment:  mcqueen
comment:  tran
comment:  reilly
comment:  etna
comment:  gallup
comment:  guinness


cluster  98 :
CAPTION: bear
comment:  stick
comment:  roll
comment:  beat
comment:  hobby
comment:  head
comment:  live
comment:  live
comment:  watch
comment:  breakfast
comment:  club
comment:  bear
comment:  head
comment:  walk
comment:  drink
comment:  party
comment:  party
comment:  drink
comment:  trick
bear 	0.3385820157


cluster  99 :
comment:  honour
comment:  inspire
comment:  inspire
comment:  honour
comment:  honor
comment:  encouragement
comment:  fruitful
comment:  encouragement
comment:  encouragement
comment:  inspire
comment:  feedback
comment:  owe


cluster  100 :
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad


cluster  101 :
comment:  meet
comment:  visit
comment:  tomorrow
comment:  meet
comment:  meet
comment:  meet
comment:  meet
comment:  tomorrow
comment:  visit
comment:  join
comment:  meet
comment:  meet


cluster  102 :
comment:  dubi
comment:  himmel
comment:  farben
comment:  kamil
comment:  suddendly
comment:  luckely
comment:  schwarz
comment:  mady
comment:  gillingham
comment:  erd
comment:  perder
comment:  shahzad
comment:  oksana
comment:  mamo
comment:  mamo
comment:  leyla
comment:  leyla
comment:  baldur
comment:  dubi
comment:  munford
comment:  dubi
comment:  dubi
comment:  govinda
comment:  mady
comment:  mady
comment:  dubi
comment:  mance


cluster  103 :
comment:  excellent
comment:  superb
comment:  superb
comment:  excellent
comment:  impressive
comment:  brilliant
comment:  marvelous
comment:  superb
comment:  incredible


cluster  104 :
comment:  sharpness
comment:  layer
comment:  layer
comment:  layer
comment:  layer
comment:  surface
comment:  seam
comment:  layer
comment:  processing
comment:  filter
comment:  layer


cluster  105 :
comment:  select
comment:  select
comment:  select
comment:  include
comment:  select
comment:  control


cluster  106 :
comment:  www
comment:  hr
comment:  min
comment:  harden
comment:  www
comment:  com
comment:  et
comment:  mania
comment:  rc
comment:  mania
comment:  ed
comment:  dir
comment:  ed
comment:  ts
comment:  und
comment:  dir
comment:  ss
comment:  dir
comment:  tor
comment:  tor
comment:  dir


cluster  107 :
comment:  rebecca
comment:  simon
comment:  dylan
comment:  sandra
comment:  sandra
comment:  nancy
comment:  sandra
comment:  sandra
comment:  anna
comment:  ian
comment:  gina
comment:  kurt
comment:  kurt
comment:  angela
comment:  jon
comment:  carey
comment:  carey
comment:  danielle
comment:  danielle
comment:  joan
comment:  stephen
comment:  stephen
comment:  anna
comment:  anna
comment:  dylan
comment:  dylan
comment:  shawn
comment:  alan
comment:  alan


cluster  108 :
comment:  theme
comment:  theme
comment:  grand
comment:  divine
comment:  theme
comment:  album
comment:  theme
comment:  theme
comment:  theme
comment:  pop
comment:  album
comment:  epic


cluster  109 :
comment:  miss
comment:  miss
comment:  miss
comment:  miss
comment:  miss
comment:  miss
comment:  miss


cluster  110 :
comment:  snow
comment:  winter
comment:  snow
comment:  snow
comment:  snow
comment:  snow
comment:  snow
comment:  winter
comment:  snow
comment:  winter


cluster  111 :
comment:  obvious
comment:  absolutely
comment:  simply
comment:  totally
comment:  certainly
comment:  certainly
comment:  absolutely
comment:  true
comment:  sense
comment:  far
comment:  true
comment:  totally
comment:  mention
comment:  certainly
comment:  certainly
comment:  probably
comment:  definitely
comment:  absolutely
comment:  doubt
comment:  simply
comment:  actually
comment:  far
comment:  certainly
comment:  probably


cluster  112 :
comment:  daily
comment:  daily
comment:  hour
comment:  schedule
comment:  daily
comment:  daily
comment:  schedule
comment:  daily
comment:  hike
comment:  dozen


cluster  113 :
comment:  year
comment:  previous
comment:  week
comment:  week
comment:  shortly
comment:  month
comment:  week
comment:  month
comment:  yesterday
comment:  month
comment:  earlier
comment:  week
comment:  year
comment:  previous
comment:  recently
comment:  month
comment:  previous
comment:  late
comment:  month


cluster  114 :
comment:  composition
comment:  masterpiece
comment:  surreal
comment:  compose
comment:  composition
comment:  idyllic
comment:  tranquil
comment:  architecture
comment:  excellently
comment:  composition
comment:  excellence
comment:  tapestry
comment:  architecture
comment:  expansive
comment:  impeccable

101373961279443806744.5999595345545686130
a snow covered street with a traffic light 

matrix comment dim (1561, 1561)


cluster  0 :
comment:  past
comment:  away
comment:  able
comment:  day
comment:  turn
comment:  bring
comment:  stay
comment:  rest
comment:  leave
comment:  come
comment:  point
comment:  need
comment:  time
comment:  rest
comment:  need
comment:  stay
comment:  come
comment:  long
comment:  end
comment:  day
comment:  day
comment:  day
comment:  bring
comment:  right
comment:  long
comment:  end
comment:  right
comment:  right
comment:  day
comment:  rest
comment:  time
comment:  end
comment:  come
comment:  bring
comment:  time
comment:  moment
comment:  time
comment:  people
comment:  right
comment:  end
comment:  come


cluster  1 :
comment:  anette
comment:  anette
comment:  verygood
comment:  kellogg
comment:  richter
comment:  jamal
comment:  jamal
comment:  enzo
comment:  ros
comment:  matthias
comment:  lund
comment:  luc
comment:  nikola
comment:  nikola
comment:  danica
comment:  whatev
comment:  anette
comment:  debby
comment:  sach
comment:  kamal
comment:  luc
comment:  tatiana
comment:  jansen
comment:  enthousiastic


cluster  2 :
comment:  jaquillard
comment:  girolamo
comment:  cracchiolo
comment:  girolamo
comment:  slaap
comment:  bedoelde
comment:  opviel
comment:  beschikbare
comment:  vree
comment:  syberian
comment:  mossbacher
comment:  demaret
comment:  sairam
comment:  sundaresan
comment:  showyourbestwork
comment:  landscapephotography
comment:  versaci
comment:  ryndak
comment:  meckmann
comment:  alia
comment:  tyllinen
comment:  benjeev
comment:  rendhava
comment:  benjeev
comment:  lammert
comment:  doddema
comment:  tompkin
comment:  anatoliy
comment:  urbanskiy
comment:  leadinglinesmonday
comment:  xenakis
comment:  graan
comment:  haltenhof
comment:  xenakis
comment:  klacht
comment:  showyourbestwork
comment:  showyourbestwork
comment:  muraz
comment:  rivarola
comment:  grzegorz
comment:  piechowicz
comment:  rousher
comment:  doseren
comment:  magische
comment:  manousos
comment:  haferland
comment:  meckmann
comment:  nter
comment:  schurr
comment:  soot
comment:  besttopphotographer
comment:  comenjoy
comment:  versaci
comment:  lekkerli
comment:  haferland
comment:  workyou
comment:  besttopphotographer
comment:  thibau
comment:  ryndak
comment:  leadinglinesmonday
comment:  petrick
comment:  nikolski
comment:  vandebuerie
comment:  rimovska
comment:  macanga
comment:  nter
comment:  schurr
comment:  insulator
comment:  gittan
comment:  beheydt
comment:  nter
comment:  schurr
comment:  nther
comment:  lenzerheide
comment:  hadegda
comment:  ignatova
comment:  meckmann
comment:  seide
comment:  mossbacher
comment:  vignali
comment:  vielmal
comment:  buttgereit
comment:  landscapephotography
comment:  soothingphotography
comment:  delpero
comment:  vignali
comment:  aballe
comment:  nter
comment:  schurr
comment:  delcour
comment:  vignali
comment:  insulator
comment:  insulator
comment:  candelabra
comment:  thibau
comment:  parmeeva
comment:  markiewicz
comment:  kaatje
comment:  fhoto
comment:  dusseault
comment:  sandidge
comment:  daugaard
comment:  beslag
comment:  inbreng
comment:  beperkt
comment:  cairn


cluster  3 :
comment:  op
comment:  nu
comment:  ja
comment:  te
comment:  te
comment:  van
comment:  af
comment:  te
comment:  je
comment:  op
comment:  ons


cluster  4 :
comment:  art
comment:  imagination
comment:  concept
comment:  theme
comment:  theme
comment:  theme
comment:  theme
comment:  theme
comment:  beauty
comment:  theme
comment:  classic
comment:  endless
comment:  art
comment:  art
comment:  artistic
comment:  art
comment:  theme
comment:  original


cluster  5 :
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love


cluster  6 :
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thanks
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thanks
comment:  thanks
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thanks
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank


cluster  7 :
comment:  david
comment:  michael
comment:  david
comment:  michael
comment:  paul
comment:  smith
comment:  paul
comment:  david
comment:  george
comment:  tom
comment:  david
comment:  jim
comment:  jim
comment:  eric
comment:  eric
comment:  david
comment:  john
comment:  john


cluster  8 :
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan


cluster  9 :
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg


cluster  10 :
comment:  inderdaad
comment:  avond
comment:  straks
comment:  manier
comment:  bedoeld
comment:  klinkt
comment:  probleem
comment:  proberen
comment:  kost
comment:  inderdaad
comment:  voorstellen
comment:  vroeg
comment:  omdat
comment:  vrij
comment:  zoveel
comment:  weinig
comment:  woord
comment:  avond
comment:  bestaat
comment:  legt
comment:  duidelijk


cluster  11 :
comment:  selection
comment:  include
comment:  highlight
comment:  large
comment:  highlight
comment:  large
comment:  popular


cluster  12 :
CAPTION: cover
CAPTION: light
comment:  common
comment:  contrast
comment:  impact
comment:  issue
comment:  power
comment:  effect
comment:  strength
comment:  balance
comment:  space
comment:  manage
comment:  low
comment:  slight
comment:  powerful
comment:  track
comment:  field
comment:  normal
comment:  absolute
comment:  shape
comment:  high
comment:  key
comment:  lead
comment:  contrast
comment:  approach
comment:  normal
comment:  result
comment:  extreme
comment:  fitting
comment:  typical
comment:  develop
comment:  high
comment:  low
comment:  proof
comment:  space
comment:  experiment
comment:  high
comment:  key
comment:  power
comment:  effective
comment:  promising
comment:  space
comment:  high
comment:  deep
comment:  lead
comment:  contrast
comment:  fitting
comment:  improve
comment:  skill
cover 	0.24988449
light 	0.35457215


cluster  13 :
comment:  imagine
comment:  remind
comment:  know
comment:  know
comment:  know
comment:  let
comment:  guess
comment:  want
comment:  want
comment:  tell
comment:  let
comment:  want
comment:  want
comment:  let
comment:  remember
comment:  know
comment:  hear
comment:  know
comment:  mean
comment:  mean
comment:  hopefully


cluster  14 :
comment:  fantastic
comment:  fantastic
comment:  fantastic
comment:  wonderful
comment:  amazing
comment:  fantastic
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  fantastic
comment:  amazing
comment:  fantastic
comment:  fantastic
comment:  fantastic
comment:  wonderful
comment:  fantastic
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful


cluster  15 :
CAPTION: snow
comment:  winter
comment:  spring
comment:  winter
comment:  snow
comment:  cold
comment:  snow
comment:  winter
comment:  winter
comment:  winter
comment:  winter
comment:  snow
comment:  weather
comment:  autumn
comment:  snow
comment:  autumn
comment:  spring
comment:  autumn
comment:  cold
comment:  winter
comment:  winter
comment:  weather
comment:  winter
comment:  spring
comment:  snow
comment:  spring
comment:  winter
comment:  snow
comment:  snow
comment:  winter
comment:  snow
comment:  snow
comment:  winter
comment:  winter
comment:  weather
snow 	0.751399546862


cluster  16 :
comment:  scene
comment:  shot
comment:  shot
comment:  shoot
comment:  shot
comment:  scene
comment:  shot
comment:  shot
comment:  shot
comment:  shot
comment:  scene
comment:  shoot
comment:  shot
comment:  shot
comment:  shot
comment:  shot
comment:  shoot
comment:  shot
comment:  shot
comment:  shot
comment:  shot
comment:  shot


cluster  17 :
comment:  wood
comment:  fade
comment:  spark
comment:  sausage
comment:  pole
comment:  yellow
comment:  non
comment:  sausage
comment:  cup
comment:  cookie
comment:  pack
comment:  sausage
comment:  cookie
comment:  pile
comment:  cookie
comment:  pole
comment:  pole


cluster  18 :
comment:  definitely
comment:  sure
comment:  sure
comment:  sure
comment:  kind
comment:  sure
comment:  thing
comment:  way
comment:  way
comment:  thing
comment:  pretty
comment:  feel
comment:  thing
comment:  kind
comment:  thing
comment:  thought
comment:  way
comment:  thing
comment:  pretty
comment:  way
comment:  definitely


cluster  19 :
comment:  highland
comment:  marina
comment:  zen
comment:  marina
comment:  costa
comment:  infinity


cluster  20 :
comment:  margaret
comment:  margaret
comment:  wong
comment:  margaret
comment:  margaret
comment:  pam
comment:  murphy
comment:  stuart
comment:  heidi
comment:  morris
comment:  sophie
comment:  harvey
comment:  enrique
comment:  deborah
comment:  deborah


cluster  21 :
comment:  lovely
comment:  gorgeous
comment:  gorgeous
comment:  beautiful
comment:  lovely
comment:  beautiful
comment:  gorgeous
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  lovely
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  lovely
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful


cluster  22 :
comment:  viewer
comment:  mundane
comment:  tone
comment:  epitome
comment:  mysterious
comment:  distract
comment:  viewer
comment:  simplicity
comment:  simplicity
comment:  delicate
comment:  pairing
comment:  brilliantly
comment:  film


cluster  23 :
comment:  ook
comment:  nog
comment:  ik
comment:  ik
comment:  ook
comment:  ik
comment:  ook
comment:  wel
comment:  nog
comment:  wel
comment:  ik
comment:  kan
comment:  ik
comment:  doen
comment:  nog
comment:  wel
comment:  nog
comment:  wel


cluster  24 :
comment:  photography
comment:  photographer
comment:  photography
comment:  photography
comment:  photographer
comment:  photography
comment:  photographer
comment:  photography
comment:  photography
comment:  photographer
comment:  photography
comment:  photography
comment:  photographer
comment:  photography


cluster  25 :
comment:  new
comment:  world
comment:  attention
comment:  entire
comment:  personal
comment:  difference
comment:  change
comment:  future
comment:  change
comment:  difference
comment:  focus
comment:  opportunity
comment:  spend
comment:  difficult
comment:  special
comment:  consider
comment:  future
comment:  plan
comment:  changed
comment:  situation
comment:  challenge


cluster  26 :
comment:  month
comment:  week
comment:  week
comment:  year
comment:  year
comment:  year
comment:  week
comment:  week
comment:  year
comment:  year
comment:  recent
comment:  year
comment:  year
comment:  year
comment:  year
comment:  week
comment:  year
comment:  week
comment:  season
comment:  season


cluster  27 :
comment:  wish
comment:  hope
comment:  hope
comment:  appreciate
comment:  hope
comment:  hope
comment:  appreciate
comment:  hope
comment:  hope
comment:  hope
comment:  hope
comment:  hope
comment:  happy
comment:  hope
comment:  hope


cluster  28 :
comment:  image
comment:  capture
comment:  view
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  capture
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  view
comment:  view
comment:  capture
comment:  image
comment:  capture
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  capture
comment:  image
comment:  capture


cluster  29 :
comment:  sir
comment:  hi
comment:  hug
comment:  yup
comment:  sir
comment:  alway


cluster  30 :
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great


cluster  31 :
comment:  beautifully
comment:  beautifully
comment:  taste
comment:  brilliant
comment:  fresh
comment:  nicely
comment:  nicely
comment:  nicely
comment:  fresh
comment:  neat
comment:  brilliant
comment:  sound
comment:  taste
comment:  taste


cluster  32 :
comment:  en
comment:  le
comment:  de
comment:  de
comment:  le
comment:  en
comment:  de
comment:  en
comment:  en


cluster  33 :
comment:  annick
comment:  annick
comment:  nieder
comment:  swizerland
comment:  oei
comment:  rogge
comment:  btp
comment:  rogge
comment:  wilfried
comment:  btp
comment:  btp
comment:  wilfried
comment:  btp
comment:  btp
comment:  marilou
comment:  marilou
comment:  btp
comment:  maciej
comment:  maciej
comment:  pelaez


cluster  34 :
comment:  lekker
comment:  niet
comment:  maken
comment:  geen
comment:  heb
comment:  spelen
comment:  maar
comment:  veel
comment:  alles
comment:  goed
comment:  jou
comment:  geen
comment:  hoor
comment:  zo
comment:  jou
comment:  alles
comment:  goed
comment:  zo
comment:  zo


cluster  35 :
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  awesome
comment:  nice
comment:  cool
comment:  cool
comment:  nice
comment:  awesome
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  awesome
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  cool
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice


cluster  36 :
comment:  minimal
comment:  minimal
comment:  minimal
comment:  minimal
comment:  minimal
comment:  minimal
comment:  minimal
comment:  minimal
comment:  minimal
comment:  minimal
comment:  minimal
comment:  minimal
comment:  minimal
comment:  minimal
comment:  minimal


cluster  37 :
comment:  monochrome
comment:  tonality
comment:  tonality
comment:  monochrome
comment:  contrasty
comment:  monochrome


cluster  38 :
comment:  comment
comment:  post
comment:  send
comment:  feedback
comment:  comment
comment:  comment
comment:  feedback


cluster  39 :
comment:  bm
comment:  cru
comment:  lima
comment:  barb
comment:  bol
comment:  elle
comment:  meg
comment:  meg
comment:  yasmin
comment:  rottweiler
comment:  rottweiler
comment:  thu
comment:  tran
comment:  rak
comment:  lima
comment:  belgium
comment:  singh
comment:  steed


cluster  40 :
comment:  live
comment:  alive
comment:  talent
comment:  man
comment:  lose
comment:  smile
comment:  face
comment:  desperate
comment:  sister
comment:  smile
comment:  sister
comment:  wife
comment:  man
comment:  talent
comment:  super
comment:  eat
comment:  bet
comment:  dog


cluster  41 :
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work


cluster  42 :
comment:  page
comment:  page
comment:  page
comment:  page
comment:  page
comment:  page
comment:  page
comment:  page
comment:  page


cluster  43 :
comment:  look
comment:  look
comment:  look
comment:  look
comment:  look
comment:  look
comment:  look
comment:  look
comment:  look
comment:  look
comment:  look
comment:  look
comment:  look
comment:  look


cluster  44 :
comment:  dubi
comment:  leyla
comment:  leyla
comment:  didier
comment:  ingo
comment:  dubi
comment:  mikko
comment:  mikko
comment:  simo
comment:  simo
comment:  ingo
comment:  dubi
comment:  ingo
comment:  rodolfo
comment:  fabrizio
comment:  mamo
comment:  mamo
comment:  marek
comment:  marek
comment:  fabrizio
comment:  lundgren
comment:  fabrizio
comment:  toshi
comment:  nakamura
comment:  junge


cluster  45 :
comment:  hallo
comment:  woow
comment:  merci
comment:  tnx
comment:  lolol
comment:  danke
comment:  tnx


cluster  46 :
comment:  een
comment:  het
comment:  het
comment:  het
comment:  een
comment:  een
comment:  een
comment:  het
comment:  het
comment:  het
comment:  het
comment:  een
comment:  het
comment:  het
comment:  het


cluster  47 :
comment:  dominique
comment:  dominique
comment:  dominique
comment:  levi
comment:  dominique
comment:  louisa
comment:  louisa
comment:  louisa
comment:  levi
comment:  orr
comment:  dominique
comment:  dominique
comment:  dominique
comment:  andi
comment:  orr
comment:  dominique
comment:  dirk
comment:  gemma
comment:  orr
comment:  annette


cluster  48 :
comment:  wow
comment:  hello
comment:  wow
comment:  hey
comment:  wow
comment:  haha
comment:  hey
comment:  wow
comment:  wanna
comment:  lol
comment:  hey
comment:  hey
comment:  haha
comment:  haha


cluster  49 :
comment:  compliment
comment:  inspiration
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment
comment:  adore
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment


cluster  50 :
comment:  excellent
comment:  excellent
comment:  excellent
comment:  excellent
comment:  exceptional
comment:  excellent
comment:  exceptional
comment:  excellent
comment:  excellent
comment:  excellent
comment:  superb


cluster  51 :
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like


cluster  52 :
comment:  minimalist
comment:  minimalism
comment:  minimalism
comment:  minimalist
comment:  minimalist
comment:  minimalistic
comment:  minimalistic
comment:  minimalistic
comment:  minimalistic
comment:  minimalism
comment:  minimalist
comment:  minimalism
comment:  minimalistic
comment:  minimalism
comment:  minimalism
comment:  minimalism
comment:  minimalistic


cluster  53 :
comment:  line
comment:  line
comment:  line
comment:  line
comment:  line
comment:  line
comment:  type
comment:  line
comment:  line
comment:  line
comment:  type
comment:  type


cluster  54 :
comment:  google
comment:  japan
comment:  christian
comment:  christian
comment:  monday
comment:  monday
comment:  chicago
comment:  canadian
comment:  canada
comment:  ray
comment:  ray
comment:  monday
comment:  april
comment:  monday


cluster  55 :
comment:  composition
comment:  arrangement
comment:  composition
comment:  composition
comment:  composition
comment:  composition
comment:  blend
comment:  composition
comment:  composition


cluster  56 :
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share


cluster  57 :
CAPTION: street
comment:  snowy
comment:  stark
comment:  east
comment:  chase
comment:  white
comment:  sky
comment:  haven
comment:  landscape
comment:  landscape
comment:  landscape
comment:  sky
comment:  mountain
comment:  street
comment:  mountain
comment:  haven
comment:  mountain
comment:  rock
comment:  south
street 	0.363946643968


cluster  58 :
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  picture
comment:  photo
comment:  picture
comment:  photo
comment:  photo


cluster  59 :
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad


cluster  60 :
CAPTION: traffic
comment:  occurrence
comment:  distance
comment:  object
comment:  worldwide
comment:  object
comment:  vertical
comment:  select
comment:  size
comment:  reverse
comment:  border
comment:  select
comment:  size
comment:  region
comment:  version
comment:  representation
comment:  rural
comment:  distance
comment:  stack
comment:  execute
traffic 	0.2161219


cluster  61 :
comment:  www
comment:  com
comment:  www
comment:  www
comment:  com


cluster  62 :
comment:  easy
comment:  choice
comment:  simple
comment:  simply
comment:  choice
comment:  add
comment:  choice
comment:  add
comment:  different
comment:  simple
comment:  create
comment:  create
comment:  simple
comment:  simple
comment:  different
comment:  choice
comment:  use


cluster  63 :
comment:  huge
comment:  lot
comment:  interesting
comment:  lot
comment:  lot
comment:  plenty
comment:  stuff
comment:  find
comment:  probably
comment:  lot
comment:  lot
comment:  interesting
comment:  absolutely
comment:  find
comment:  certainly
comment:  best
comment:  true
comment:  hard
comment:  certainly
comment:  interesting
comment:  decent
comment:  true
comment:  surprise
comment:  big
comment:  far
comment:  lot
comment:  lot
comment:  little
comment:  little
comment:  lot
comment:  fun
comment:  bit


cluster  64 :
comment:  robin
comment:  barbara
comment:  kenny
comment:  nina
comment:  anthony
comment:  greg
comment:  greg
comment:  anna
comment:  andrea
comment:  andrea
comment:  rogers
comment:  dylan
comment:  dylan
comment:  joan
comment:  cindy
comment:  simpson
comment:  elizabeth
comment:  elizabeth
comment:  betty
comment:  anne
comment:  anna
comment:  anna
comment:  annie
comment:  annie
comment:  anna
comment:  kurt
comment:  ralph
comment:  jerry
comment:  jerry
comment:  cindy
comment:  kenny
comment:  kenny
comment:  harris
comment:  shawn
comment:  shawn
comment:  mickey
comment:  nina
comment:  anthony
comment:  nina
comment:  allen
comment:  stephen
comment:  stephen


cluster  65 :
comment:  yes
comment:  yes
comment:  luck
comment:  yes
comment:  sorry
comment:  yes
comment:  honestly
comment:  yes
comment:  yes
comment:  yes
comment:  yes
comment:  sorry
comment:  yes
comment:  yes
comment:  yes
comment:  yes
comment:  agree
comment:  agree
comment:  luck


cluster  66 :
comment:  whit
comment:  da
comment:  ve
comment:  ow
comment:  pitty
comment:  pitty
comment:  shin
comment:  genial
comment:  da
comment:  dank


cluster  67 :
comment:  ago
comment:  room
comment:  midst
comment:  home
comment:  run
comment:  late
comment:  late
comment:  early
comment:  night
comment:  busy
comment:  left
comment:  run
comment:  early


cluster  68 :
comment:  friend
comment:  welcome
comment:  welcome
comment:  welcome
comment:  welcome
comment:  dear
comment:  friend


cluster  69 :
comment:  crap
comment:  attitude
comment:  word
comment:  boring
comment:  dig
comment:  dirty
comment:  fan
comment:  boring
comment:  word


cluster  70 :
comment:  childhood
comment:  count
comment:  breakfast
comment:  club
comment:  community
comment:  participate
comment:  daily
comment:  daily
comment:  daily
comment:  daily
comment:  coffee
comment:  plus


cluster  71 :
comment:  meet
comment:  respect
comment:  intend
comment:  meet
comment:  visit
comment:  forward
comment:  respond
comment:  follow
comment:  follow
comment:  follow
comment:  follow
comment:  meet
comment:  forward
comment:  help
comment:  check
comment:  read


cluster  72 :
comment:  dat
comment:  die
comment:  dat
comment:  stil
comment:  hoe
comment:  wat
comment:  wat


cluster  73 :
comment:  griggs
comment:  christa
comment:  christa
comment:  roberson
comment:  hilbert
comment:  britta
comment:  tompkins
comment:  catharine
comment:  forsyth
comment:  hilbert
comment:  munford
comment:  hilbert
comment:  hilbert
comment:  britta
comment:  jura
comment:  dogface
comment:  ohara
comment:  marquardt
comment:  mady
comment:  mcclure


cluster  74 :
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good


cluster  75 :
comment:  comprehension
comment:  crank
comment:  paramount
comment:  mill
comment:  pour
comment:  heel
comment:  fading
comment:  soothe
comment:  blush
comment:  hazy
comment:  purity
comment:  altitude
comment:  forecast
comment:  shield
comment:  soothe
comment:  anyplace
comment:  accord


cluster  76 :
comment:  entry
comment:  journal
comment:  editor
comment:  editor
comment:  editor
comment:  th
comment:  th
comment:  submission
comment:  editor


cluster  77 :
comment:  fijne
comment:  terug
comment:  pagina
comment:  heeft
comment:  tijd
comment:  eens
comment:  rol
comment:  tijd
comment:  trouwens
comment:  verder
comment:  tijd
comment:  fijne
comment:  verder
comment:  interessante
comment:  leven
comment:  onze

101373961279443806744.6290483835415760738
a person riding a surf board on a body of water 

matrix comment dim (1457, 1457)


cluster  0 :
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  dear
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  dear
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thanks
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thanks
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank


cluster  1 :
comment:  subedi
comment:  markiewicz
comment:  manousos
comment:  aichlman
comment:  landscapephotography
comment:  landscapephotography
comment:  curator
comment:  curator
comment:  curator
comment:  regardstoshi
comment:  hqsp
comment:  tarasenkov
comment:  versaci
comment:  jinak
comment:  dhern
comment:  hqsp
comment:  getchel
comment:  metzdorf
comment:  chandro
comment:  markiewicz
comment:  metzdorf
comment:  graan
comment:  subedi
comment:  simionica
comment:  lammert
comment:  doddema
comment:  itali
comment:  jaquillard
comment:  landscapephotography
comment:  markiewicz
comment:  hqsp
comment:  photoha
comment:  hqsp
comment:  landscapeand
comment:  hqsp
comment:  tarasenkov
comment:  jaquillard
comment:  mountainmonday
comment:  nikolski
comment:  mohammadi
comment:  opgemerkt
comment:  duivel
comment:  supporteren
comment:  anatoliy
comment:  urbanskiy
comment:  tompkin
comment:  showyourbestwork
comment:  jany
comment:  viala
comment:  metzdorf
comment:  tarasenkov
comment:  hqsp
comment:  apprise
comment:  esvall
comment:  kergroac
comment:  showyourbestwork
comment:  peijnenburgbtw
comment:  dijck
comment:  palmboman
comment:  belgisch
comment:  biertje
comment:  eventjes
comment:  thanss
comment:  kaboodleinc
comment:  teeffelen
comment:  grzegorz
comment:  piechowicz
comment:  groet
comment:  daugaard
comment:  kooijman
comment:  hqsp
comment:  markiewicz
comment:  mossbacher
comment:  rwcxv
comment:  dijck
comment:  spenner
comment:  rimovska
comment:  schijnt
comment:  topploeg
comment:  ryndak
comment:  fialho
comment:  ernob
comment:  proveden
comment:  nostalgick
comment:  markiewicz


cluster  2 :
comment:  include
comment:  member
comment:  faculty
comment:  select
comment:  internationally
comment:  permit
comment:  select
comment:  processing
comment:  version
comment:  processing
comment:  select
comment:  pipeline
comment:  generate


cluster  3 :
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good


cluster  4 :
comment:  angela
comment:  betty
comment:  alexander
comment:  aj
comment:  patrick
comment:  patricia
comment:  patrick
comment:  carey
comment:  dylan
comment:  dylan
comment:  nancy
comment:  alexander
comment:  margaret
comment:  patrick
comment:  alexander
comment:  carey
comment:  joan
comment:  russell
comment:  jerry
comment:  ian
comment:  jerry
comment:  andrea
comment:  carey
comment:  margaret
comment:  wong
comment:  margaret
comment:  anna
comment:  anna
comment:  harris
comment:  anna
comment:  anna
comment:  jose
comment:  shawn
comment:  shawn
comment:  ralph


cluster  5 :
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan


cluster  6 :
comment:  picture
comment:  picture
comment:  picture
comment:  picture


cluster  7 :
comment:  course
comment:  promise
comment:  forward
comment:  meet
comment:  busy
comment:  spend
comment:  course
comment:  fair
comment:  worth
comment:  suggest
comment:  forward
comment:  learn
comment:  meet
comment:  forward
comment:  meantime
comment:  future
comment:  meet
comment:  spend
comment:  lately
comment:  worthwhile
comment:  meet
comment:  continue


cluster  8 :
comment:  santosh
comment:  photokina
comment:  clav
comment:  fogg
comment:  koontz
comment:  yunus
comment:  koontz
comment:  photokina
comment:  macallan
comment:  disabilty
comment:  santosh
comment:  hilbert
comment:  marquardt
comment:  frei
comment:  dubi
comment:  koontz
comment:  roberson
comment:  ferme
comment:  duvel
comment:  britta
comment:  hilbert
comment:  gunderson
comment:  leman
comment:  toshi
comment:  nakamura
comment:  britta
comment:  hilbert
comment:  junge
comment:  tiens
comment:  photokina
comment:  macallan
comment:  mcclure


cluster  9 :
CAPTION: body
CAPTION: water
comment:  fly
comment:  theme
comment:  mysterious
comment:  theme
comment:  theme
comment:  finger
comment:  cross
comment:  treasure
comment:  black
comment:  wall
comment:  star
comment:  round
comment:  magic
comment:  hidden
comment:  adventurous
comment:  theme
comment:  finish
comment:  finger
comment:  cross
comment:  bed
comment:  black
comment:  glance
body 	0.2692311
water 	0.2405081


cluster  10 :
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg


cluster  11 :
comment:  lovely
comment:  lovely
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  fabulous
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  gorgeous
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  gorgeous
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  gorgeous
comment:  beautiful
comment:  lovely
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  gorgeous
comment:  gorgeous
comment:  beautiful
comment:  gorgeous


cluster  12 :
comment:  amazing
comment:  fantastic
comment:  wonderful
comment:  amazing
comment:  wonderful
comment:  fantastic
comment:  wonderful
comment:  amazing
comment:  awesome
comment:  wonderful
comment:  amazing
comment:  awesome
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  fantastic
comment:  amazing
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  amazing
comment:  amazing
comment:  amazing
comment:  amazing


cluster  13 :
comment:  morgen
comment:  mooie
comment:  heb
comment:  altijd
comment:  jullie
comment:  gaan
comment:  toch
comment:  niet
comment:  niet
comment:  dus
comment:  zijn
comment:  minder
comment:  mooi
comment:  werk
comment:  alles
comment:  goed
comment:  hebben
comment:  naar
comment:  heb
comment:  voor
comment:  mijn
comment:  waar
comment:  staat


cluster  14 :
comment:  wow
comment:  buddy
comment:  wow
comment:  btw
comment:  hey
comment:  hey
comment:  hey
comment:  lol
comment:  lol
comment:  funny
comment:  hey
comment:  hey
comment:  lol
comment:  wow
comment:  wow
comment:  wow
comment:  hey
comment:  hello


cluster  15 :
comment:  marina
comment:  beau
comment:  hadn
comment:  cordially
comment:  whisky
comment:  whisky
comment:  dank
comment:  whisky
comment:  dank
comment:  goo


cluster  16 :
comment:  find
comment:  place
comment:  different
comment:  end
comment:  point
comment:  long
comment:  past
comment:  place
comment:  place
comment:  find
comment:  place
comment:  long
comment:  place
comment:  bit
comment:  point


cluster  17 :
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share


cluster  18 :
comment:  definitely
comment:  kind
comment:  kind
comment:  actually
comment:  mention
comment:  interesting
comment:  actually
comment:  kind
comment:  probably
comment:  far
comment:  kind
comment:  truly
comment:  kind
comment:  definitely
comment:  definitely
comment:  actually
comment:  far
comment:  absolutely
comment:  actually
comment:  sense
comment:  certainly
comment:  especially
comment:  kind


cluster  19 :
comment:  iceland
comment:  davidson
comment:  nepal
comment:  rosa
comment:  rosa
comment:  iceland
comment:  nepal
comment:  swiss
comment:  belgian
comment:  switzerland
comment:  ws
comment:  kumar
comment:  gl


cluster  20 :
comment:  pleasure
comment:  deserve
comment:  warm
comment:  pleasure
comment:  compliment
comment:  adore
comment:  pleasure
comment:  taste
comment:  sweet
comment:  pleasure
comment:  amazed
comment:  pleasure
comment:  inspire
comment:  deserve
comment:  admire
comment:  compliment
comment:  delicious


cluster  21 :
comment:  detail
comment:  page
comment:  frame
comment:  page
comment:  location
comment:  capture
comment:  display
comment:  selection
comment:  page
comment:  view
comment:  capture
comment:  view


cluster  22 :
comment:  john
comment:  michael
comment:  john
comment:  michael
comment:  john
comment:  john
comment:  david
comment:  george
comment:  george
comment:  matt
comment:  matt
comment:  michael
comment:  john
comment:  john
comment:  sarah
comment:  john
comment:  john
comment:  michael
comment:  tom
comment:  tom
comment:  john
comment:  david
comment:  mr
comment:  john
comment:  john
comment:  john


cluster  23 :
comment:  agree
comment:  hear
comment:  friend
comment:  hear
comment:  talk
comment:  remind
comment:  ask
comment:  hear
comment:  hear
comment:  agree
comment:  hear
comment:  hear
comment:  awhile
comment:  friend
comment:  hear
comment:  friend
comment:  hear
comment:  friend


cluster  24 :
comment:  king
comment:  nd
comment:  ve
comment:  ve
comment:  arrogant
comment:  arrogant
comment:  ve
comment:  pardon
comment:  ve
comment:  ha
comment:  ve
comment:  er


cluster  25 :
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  cool
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice


cluster  26 :
CAPTION: board
comment:  date
comment:  revisit
comment:  active
comment:  active
comment:  social
comment:  practice
comment:  contribution
comment:  guidance
comment:  contribution
comment:  global
comment:  global
comment:  daily
comment:  lead
comment:  line
comment:  brand
comment:  partner
comment:  relatively
comment:  distinction
comment:  final
comment:  decision
comment:  compelling
comment:  extended
comment:  manage
comment:  return
comment:  promotion
comment:  promotion
comment:  activity
comment:  brand
comment:  preference
comment:  direction
comment:  energy
comment:  social
comment:  social
comment:  compare
comment:  load
comment:  promotion
comment:  contribution
comment:  load
comment:  discovery
comment:  private
comment:  measure
comment:  interaction
comment:  account
comment:  rise
comment:  private
comment:  stellar
comment:  return
comment:  professional
board 	0.23290205


cluster  27 :
comment:  know
comment:  know
comment:  know
comment:  think
comment:  think
comment:  think
comment:  sure
comment:  thought
comment:  want
comment:  want
comment:  know
comment:  know
comment:  know
comment:  think
comment:  know


cluster  28 :
comment:  uiteraard
comment:  tegen
comment:  nooit
comment:  kunnen
comment:  winnen
comment:  komende
comment:  weken
comment:  oranje
comment:  ligt
comment:  ergens
comment:  onder
comment:  helaas
comment:  verder
comment:  horen
comment:  zeggen
comment:  oranje


cluster  29 :
comment:  let
comment:  let
comment:  come
comment:  come
comment:  people
comment:  come
comment:  bring
comment:  expect
comment:  rest
comment:  need
comment:  rest
comment:  let
comment:  leave
comment:  bring
comment:  come
comment:  need
comment:  right
comment:  need
comment:  need
comment:  happen
comment:  right
comment:  worry
comment:  right
comment:  come
comment:  leave
comment:  need
comment:  people
comment:  rest
comment:  let
comment:  need
comment:  try
comment:  moment


cluster  30 :
comment:  een
comment:  je
comment:  ik
comment:  nog
comment:  wel
comment:  ze
comment:  nog
comment:  een
comment:  op
comment:  wel
comment:  je
comment:  een
comment:  het
comment:  doen
comment:  mee
comment:  het
comment:  nog
comment:  wel
comment:  wel
comment:  het
comment:  het
comment:  een
comment:  ik
comment:  het


cluster  31 :
comment:  miss
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  miss
comment:  miss
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  miss
comment:  love


cluster  32 :
comment:  bc
comment:  canada
comment:  canada
comment:  ray
comment:  usa
comment:  scotland
comment:  canada
comment:  september
comment:  zealand
comment:  canada
comment:  canadian
comment:  french
comment:  canada
comment:  pa
comment:  canadian
comment:  canadian
comment:  canada


cluster  33 :
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image


cluster  34 :
CAPTION: rid
comment:  till
comment:  upset
comment:  silence
comment:  kick
comment:  spoken
comment:  teach
comment:  shock
comment:  kick
comment:  pass
comment:  shout
comment:  drink
comment:  save
rid 	0.28656867


cluster  35 :
comment:  skye
comment:  greenland
comment:  yasmin
comment:  lim
comment:  greenland
comment:  skye
comment:  skye
comment:  athena
comment:  orr
comment:  okinawa
comment:  fletcher
comment:  dempsey
comment:  dominique
comment:  dominique
comment:  greenland
comment:  newfoundland
comment:  dominique
comment:  shelly
comment:  athena
comment:  tran
comment:  greenland
comment:  dominique
comment:  levi
comment:  annette
comment:  athena
comment:  skye


cluster  36 :
comment:  scenic
comment:  landscape
comment:  landscape
comment:  landscape
comment:  landscape
comment:  landscape
comment:  landscape
comment:  landscape
comment:  landscape


cluster  37 :
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work


cluster  38 :
comment:  list
comment:  post
comment:  check
comment:  check
comment:  post
comment:  check
comment:  post
comment:  post
comment:  add
comment:  add
comment:  site
comment:  list
comment:  read
comment:  check
comment:  blog
comment:  read


cluster  39 :
comment:  family
comment:  new
comment:  family
comment:  home
comment:  new
comment:  new
comment:  new
comment:  creative
comment:  new
comment:  new
comment:  new
comment:  new
comment:  book


cluster  40 :
comment:  floral
comment:  contrast
comment:  composition
comment:  aesthetic
comment:  medium
comment:  monochrome
comment:  composition
comment:  composition
comment:  monochromatic
comment:  composition
comment:  medium
comment:  composition
comment:  medium
comment:  micro
comment:  monochrome
comment:  composition


cluster  41 :
comment:  yes
comment:  sorry
comment:  yes
comment:  yes
comment:  yes
comment:  yes
comment:  yes
comment:  yes
comment:  yes
comment:  yes
comment:  anymore
comment:  anymore
comment:  yes
comment:  yes
comment:  yes
comment:  guy
comment:  luck


cluster  42 :
comment:  day
comment:  day
comment:  day
comment:  day
comment:  day
comment:  day
comment:  day
comment:  day
comment:  day
comment:  day
comment:  day
comment:  morning
comment:  day


cluster  43 :
comment:  world
comment:  country
comment:  world
comment:  life
comment:  world
comment:  country
comment:  history
comment:  life
comment:  dream
comment:  world
comment:  life
comment:  world
comment:  life
comment:  journey
comment:  true


cluster  44 :
comment:  shoot
comment:  shoot
comment:  shoot
comment:  butt
comment:  butt
comment:  shoot
comment:  shot


cluster  45 :
comment:  traveling
comment:  city
comment:  travel
comment:  travel
comment:  hotel
comment:  adventure
comment:  travel
comment:  travel
comment:  travel
comment:  travel


cluster  46 :
comment:  wish
comment:  wish
comment:  hopefully
comment:  hope
comment:  hope
comment:  wish
comment:  hope
comment:  wait
comment:  wait
comment:  hope
comment:  hope
comment:  wish
comment:  wish
comment:  hope
comment:  hope
comment:  forget
comment:  hope
comment:  hope
comment:  hope


cluster  47 :
comment:  year
comment:  year
comment:  month
comment:  month
comment:  year
comment:  year
comment:  year
comment:  year
comment:  twice
comment:  year
comment:  summer
comment:  late
comment:  summer
comment:  early
comment:  early


cluster  48 :
comment:  away
comment:  closer
comment:  stop
comment:  break
comment:  easily
comment:  pick
comment:  ahead
comment:  plan
comment:  half
comment:  drop
comment:  stick
comment:  plan
comment:  sit
comment:  away
comment:  break
comment:  hand
comment:  begin
comment:  use
comment:  drop
comment:  spot
comment:  break
comment:  break
comment:  break
comment:  break
comment:  plan
comment:  usually
comment:  ahead
comment:  hold
comment:  ahead
comment:  ready
comment:  ahead
comment:  break


cluster  49 :
comment:  moore
comment:  jones
comment:  simpson
comment:  victoria
comment:  victoria
comment:  moore
comment:  moore
comment:  moore
comment:  moore
comment:  moore
comment:  johnson
comment:  johnson
comment:  moore
comment:  moore
comment:  moore
comment:  moore


cluster  50 :
comment:  welcome
comment:  welcome
comment:  invite
comment:  welcome
comment:  welcome
comment:  welcome
comment:  welcome
comment:  welcome
comment:  welcome
comment:  welcome


cluster  51 :
comment:  eye
comment:  reflection
comment:  light
comment:  mood
comment:  eye
comment:  sound
comment:  light
comment:  reflection
comment:  light
comment:  reflection
comment:  nature
comment:  mood
comment:  sound
comment:  reflection
comment:  calm
comment:  scene
comment:  perspective
comment:  spirit
comment:  small


cluster  52 :
comment:  maciej
comment:  andddd
comment:  siddiqui
comment:  maciej
comment:  portree
comment:  btp
comment:  btp
comment:  btp
comment:  adcock
comment:  annick
comment:  leyla
comment:  maciej
comment:  annick
comment:  annick
comment:  rogge
comment:  ahum
comment:  dalibor
comment:  munford
comment:  rogge
comment:  frankrijk
comment:  nieder
comment:  maciej
comment:  wooper
comment:  vah
comment:  maciej


cluster  53 :
comment:  look
comment:  like
comment:  thing
comment:  look
comment:  thing
comment:  thing
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  maybe
comment:  thing
comment:  look
comment:  maybe
comment:  look
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  look
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  look
comment:  like
comment:  thing
comment:  like
comment:  thing
comment:  thing
comment:  thing
comment:  thing
comment:  like
comment:  stuff
comment:  stuff
comment:  like
comment:  way
comment:  like
comment:  look


cluster  54 :
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great


cluster  55 :
CAPTION: person
comment:  word
comment:  trust
comment:  word
comment:  wise
comment:  word
comment:  man
comment:  speak
comment:  word
comment:  word
comment:  excuse
comment:  man
comment:  fear
comment:  lie
comment:  awful
comment:  conversation
comment:  word
person 	0.45193657


cluster  56 :
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photography
comment:  photo
comment:  photography
comment:  photography
comment:  photo
comment:  photograph
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photograph
comment:  photo
comment:  photography
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photograph
comment:  pic


cluster  57 :
CAPTION: surf
comment:  workshop
comment:  bucket
comment:  radio
comment:  workshop
comment:  traveler
comment:  eastern
comment:  pro
comment:  weekly
comment:  winner
comment:  pro
comment:  winner
comment:  pro
comment:  compose
comment:  pot
comment:  workshop
comment:  kitten
comment:  entice
comment:  shield
comment:  cancel
comment:  bottle
comment:  stream
comment:  bank
comment:  nut
comment:  pre
surf 	0.18139206


cluster  58 :
comment:  van
comment:  de
comment:  de
comment:  de
comment:  en
comment:  van
comment:  van
comment:  de
comment:  de
comment:  ver
comment:  van


cluster  59 :
comment:  fun
comment:  fun
comment:  perfect
comment:  enjoy
comment:  favorite
comment:  favorite
comment:  perfect
comment:  perfect
comment:  enjoy
comment:  enjoy
comment:  fun
comment:  enjoy
comment:  enjoy


cluster  60 :
comment:  visit
comment:  trip
comment:  visit
comment:  visit
comment:  trip
comment:  visit
comment:  visit
comment:  trip


cluster  61 :
comment:  mountain
comment:  snow
comment:  sky
comment:  mountain
comment:  sun
comment:  weather
comment:  sunrise
comment:  weather
comment:  haven
comment:  sunrise
comment:  weather
comment:  serenity
comment:  sun


cluster  62 :
comment:  friday
comment:  sunday
comment:  ah
comment:  thursday
comment:  sir
comment:  thursday
comment:  iam
comment:  sir
comment:  wat
comment:  don
comment:  nah
comment:  uhh


cluster  63 :
comment:  mania
comment:  mania
comment:  mania
comment:  mania
comment:  sunflower
comment:  http


cluster  64 :
comment:  excellent
comment:  excellent
comment:  excellent
comment:  excellent
comment:  superb


cluster  65 :
comment:  time
comment:  time
comment:  time
comment:  time
comment:  time
comment:  time
comment:  time
comment:  time
comment:  time
comment:  time
comment:  time
comment:  time
comment:  time


cluster  66 :
comment:  pk
comment:  sn
comment:  mek
comment:  travail
comment:  bw
comment:  ch
comment:  proto
comment:  dof
comment:  finsih
comment:  lac
comment:  midge
comment:  driftwood


cluster  67 :
comment:  stunning
comment:  spectacular
comment:  stunning
comment:  magical
comment:  flawless
comment:  stunning
comment:  scenery
comment:  beauty
comment:  stunning
comment:  breathtaking
comment:  spectacular
comment:  scenery
comment:  splendid
comment:  serene


cluster  68 :
comment:  happy
comment:  glad
comment:  happy
comment:  glad
comment:  happy
comment:  happy
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  happy
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  happy
comment:  glad
comment:  happy
comment:  happy
comment:  glad
comment:  glad


cluster  69 :
comment:  henrik
comment:  andersen
comment:  henrik
comment:  brutus
comment:  constantin
comment:  nikola
comment:  javier
comment:  thierry
comment:  armand
comment:  yvette
comment:  christa
comment:  rik
comment:  anette
comment:  vishal
comment:  vishal
comment:  armand
comment:  mendoza


cluster  70 :
comment:  update
comment:  comment
comment:  message
comment:  update
comment:  feedback
comment:  request
comment:  feedback
comment:  comment
comment:  feedback


cluster  71 :
comment:  congratulation
comment:  ji
comment:  bravo
comment:  merci
comment:  beaucoup
comment:  gracias
comment:  merci
comment:  beaucoup
comment:  tnx

101373961279443806744.6049307155824836066
a person laying on a bed with a dog 

matrix comment dim (1691, 1691)


cluster  0 :
comment:  highlight
comment:  view
comment:  large
comment:  create
comment:  quality
comment:  highlight
comment:  perspective
comment:  create
comment:  presence
comment:  provide
comment:  highlight
comment:  view
comment:  large
comment:  perspective
comment:  detail
comment:  professional
comment:  selection
comment:  selection
comment:  present
comment:  view
comment:  provide


cluster  1 :
comment:  mossbacher
comment:  daugaard
comment:  dijck
comment:  brakoniecki
comment:  mossbacher
comment:  salmela
comment:  jaquillard
comment:  thoygh
comment:  graan
comment:  lectionn
comment:  francevous
comment:  galement
comment:  missri
comment:  proyou
comment:  besttopphotographer
comment:  btpgroup
comment:  tyllinen
comment:  versaci
comment:  ramkumar
comment:  rinwa
comment:  macanga
comment:  dijck
comment:  db
comment:  buttgereit
comment:  jaquillard
comment:  leadinglinesmonday
comment:  jany
comment:  viala
comment:  jolanda
comment:  gijbel
comment:  nikolski
comment:  leadinglinesmonday
comment:  anatoliy
comment:  urbanskiy
comment:  ausgew
comment:  ckwunsch
comment:  erholsamen
comment:  pvk
comment:  rousher
comment:  submerge
comment:  stimmungsvolle
comment:  rimovska
comment:  hqsp
comment:  hqsp
comment:  hqsp
comment:  krystina
comment:  mindag
comment:  taconn
comment:  besttopphotographer
comment:  comhave
comment:  versaci
comment:  congratulacione
comment:  conmovida
comment:  estasincreible
comment:  filatov
comment:  esguerra
comment:  missri
comment:  heick
comment:  europeanphotography
comment:  brakoniecki
comment:  ryndak
comment:  vandebuerie
comment:  versaci
comment:  showyourbestwork
comment:  landscapephotography
comment:  blumenstein
comment:  vielmal
comment:  mossbacher
comment:  dijck
comment:  artistphotographeramateurorprofessional
comment:  felczak
comment:  vielmal
comment:  avont
comment:  delcour
comment:  landsmann
comment:  landscapephotography
comment:  ryndak
comment:  bouriat
comment:  haferland
comment:  mariotte
comment:  niederer
comment:  macanga
comment:  seide
comment:  rimovska
comment:  liliya
comment:  kholodilina
comment:  photomanienederland
comment:  sairam
comment:  sundaresan
comment:  mossbacher
comment:  pfjew
comment:  hqsp
comment:  krystina
comment:  davorin
comment:  davorin
comment:  simionica
comment:  esvall
comment:  krystina
comment:  cairn
comment:  grzegorz
comment:  piechowicz
comment:  nter
comment:  schurr
comment:  nter
comment:  pegah
comment:  moghaddam
comment:  xmashappy
comment:  holidayto
comment:  showyourbestwork
comment:  showyourbestwork


cluster  2 :
comment:  carey
comment:  margaret
comment:  margaret
comment:  margaret
comment:  margaret
comment:  jerry
comment:  johnson
comment:  jerry
comment:  dylan
comment:  elizabeth
comment:  nancy
comment:  andrea
comment:  andrea
comment:  murphy
comment:  morrison
comment:  anna
comment:  nancy
comment:  rebecca
comment:  anna
comment:  sophie
comment:  sophie
comment:  joan
comment:  joan
comment:  ian
comment:  ian
comment:  russell
comment:  margaret
comment:  anna
comment:  rebecca
comment:  maria
comment:  shawn
comment:  neil
comment:  kenny
comment:  anna
comment:  stephen
comment:  stephen
comment:  murphy
comment:  murphy
comment:  spencer
comment:  marc
comment:  carey


cluster  3 :
comment:  okay
comment:  guess
comment:  hear
comment:  yes
comment:  yes
comment:  luck
comment:  miss
comment:  yes
comment:  agree
comment:  miss
comment:  agree
comment:  guess
comment:  yes
comment:  yes
comment:  yes
comment:  afraid


cluster  4 :
comment:  athena
comment:  lund
comment:  dempsey
comment:  lolololol
comment:  danica
comment:  dirk
comment:  dirk
comment:  dirk
comment:  schweiz
comment:  dempsey
comment:  kamal
comment:  aamir
comment:  aamir
comment:  schweiz
comment:  enzo
comment:  ros
comment:  vito
comment:  gaylord
comment:  danica
comment:  nederland
comment:  nederland
comment:  briggs
comment:  athena


cluster  5 :
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg


cluster  6 :
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thanks
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thanks
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thanks
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank


cluster  7 :
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good


cluster  8 :
comment:  size
comment:  depth
comment:  slight
comment:  depth
comment:  angle
comment:  frame
comment:  visual
comment:  contrast
comment:  subtle
comment:  texture
comment:  contrast
comment:  colour
comment:  size
comment:  slightly
comment:  slight
comment:  contrast
comment:  surface
comment:  contrast
comment:  display
comment:  frame


cluster  9 :
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan


cluster  10 :
comment:  hunter
comment:  twitter
comment:  haven
comment:  moody
comment:  prince
comment:  die
comment:  pro
comment:  mark
comment:  mark
comment:  sunday
comment:  amateur
comment:  march


cluster  11 :
comment:  janusz
comment:  giorgi
comment:  annick
comment:  annick
comment:  pelaez
comment:  fantastische
comment:  aufnahme
comment:  herzlichen
comment:  aufnahme
comment:  aparicio
comment:  janusz
comment:  rogge
comment:  munford
comment:  krzysztof
comment:  pizzo
comment:  wilfried
comment:  ghai
comment:  rogge


cluster  12 :
comment:  gorgeous
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  lovely
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  lovely
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  gorgeous
comment:  lovely
comment:  beautiful
comment:  lovely
comment:  beautiful
comment:  fabulous
comment:  beautiful


cluster  13 :
comment:  capture
comment:  capture
comment:  capture
comment:  capture
comment:  camera
comment:  capture
comment:  capture
comment:  capture


cluster  14 :
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share


cluster  15 :
comment:  meet
comment:  join
comment:  meet
comment:  ahead
comment:  honor
comment:  meet
comment:  visit
comment:  meet
comment:  care
comment:  meet


cluster  16 :
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  sure
comment:  like
comment:  want
comment:  like
comment:  look
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  better
comment:  think
comment:  way
comment:  look
comment:  think
comment:  look
comment:  want
comment:  want
comment:  let
comment:  sure
comment:  look
comment:  like
comment:  way
comment:  way
comment:  way
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  think
comment:  think
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  imagine
comment:  think
comment:  way
comment:  thing
comment:  kind
comment:  definitely
comment:  let
comment:  know


cluster  17 :
comment:  stream
comment:  shock
comment:  shall
comment:  cloud
comment:  sweep
comment:  fade
comment:  stream
comment:  disappear
comment:  global
comment:  global
comment:  global
comment:  global
comment:  therapy


cluster  18 :
comment:  photography
comment:  photographer
comment:  photograph
comment:  photographer
comment:  photography
comment:  photographer
comment:  photographer
comment:  photography
comment:  photographer
comment:  photography
comment:  photograph
comment:  photograph


cluster  19 :
comment:  find
comment:  come
comment:  unfortunately
comment:  far
comment:  probably
comment:  need
comment:  come
comment:  need
comment:  far
comment:  come
comment:  personally
comment:  mean
comment:  lot
comment:  actually
comment:  simply
comment:  attention
comment:  personally
comment:  lately
comment:  people
comment:  exactly
comment:  true
comment:  try
comment:  probably
comment:  find
comment:  simply
comment:  right
comment:  obviously
comment:  bad
comment:  probably


cluster  20 :
comment:  cette
comment:  comme
comment:  une
comment:  des
comment:  jour
comment:  travail
comment:  et
comment:  autre
comment:  und
comment:  und


cluster  21 :
comment:  rock
comment:  rock
comment:  rock
comment:  rock
comment:  rock
comment:  rock
comment:  rock
comment:  rock
comment:  rock


cluster  22 :
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  cool
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  cool
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  cool
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  cool
comment:  nice


cluster  23 :
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment


cluster  24 :
comment:  follow
comment:  follow
comment:  quick
comment:  read
comment:  check
comment:  check
comment:  check
comment:  follow
comment:  follow
comment:  check
comment:  job
comment:  check
comment:  read
comment:  follow


cluster  25 :
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work


cluster  26 :
comment:  birthday
comment:  birthday
comment:  sister
comment:  birthday
comment:  birthday
comment:  birthday
comment:  birthday
comment:  birthday
comment:  sister
comment:  birthday
comment:  hug
comment:  birthday
comment:  birthday
comment:  birthday


cluster  27 :
comment:  hey
comment:  hey
comment:  hello
comment:  hey
comment:  hey
comment:  hey
comment:  hey
comment:  hey


cluster  28 :
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image


cluster  29 :
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad


cluster  30 :
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  picture
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  picture
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo


cluster  31 :
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great


cluster  32 :
comment:  thomas
comment:  michael
comment:  michael
comment:  michael
comment:  michael
comment:  david
comment:  david
comment:  david
comment:  michael
comment:  brian
comment:  david
comment:  david
comment:  thomas
comment:  john
comment:  alex
comment:  alex
comment:  george
comment:  john
comment:  john
comment:  eric
comment:  eric
comment:  thomas
comment:  michael
comment:  tom
comment:  dave
comment:  thomas
comment:  jim
comment:  jim
comment:  george
comment:  george
comment:  david
comment:  david
comment:  brian


cluster  33 :
comment:  update
comment:  web
comment:  site
comment:  page
comment:  page
comment:  page
comment:  page
comment:  link
comment:  text
comment:  link
comment:  page
comment:  page
comment:  text
comment:  page
comment:  page
comment:  page


cluster  34 :
comment:  sunburn
comment:  wispy
comment:  seascape
comment:  sharpen
comment:  margarita
comment:  harden
comment:  dodgy
comment:  infinity
comment:  scape


cluster  35 :
comment:  shoot
comment:  shoot
comment:  shoot
comment:  shoot


cluster  36 :
comment:  editor
comment:  editor
comment:  submission
comment:  version
comment:  version
comment:  version
comment:  winner
comment:  winner
comment:  winner
comment:  release
comment:  editor
comment:  version
comment:  title
comment:  revisit
comment:  version
comment:  scroll
comment:  version
comment:  winner


cluster  37 :
comment:  nature
comment:  bright
comment:  style
comment:  eye
comment:  eye
comment:  background
comment:  background
comment:  light
comment:  deep
comment:  light
comment:  light
comment:  light
comment:  light
comment:  dramatic


cluster  38 :
comment:  feedback
comment:  feedback
comment:  feedback
comment:  feedback
comment:  feedback
comment:  feedback
comment:  feedback
comment:  feedback
comment:  feedback


cluster  39 :
comment:  junge
comment:  koontz
comment:  koontz
comment:  fitzpatrick
comment:  lieber
comment:  dubi
comment:  marquardt
comment:  sumit
comment:  sumit
comment:  britta
comment:  koontz
comment:  prakash
comment:  constantin
comment:  dubi
comment:  forsyth
comment:  britta


cluster  40 :
comment:  composition
comment:  composition
comment:  composition
comment:  composition
comment:  composition
comment:  composition
comment:  composition
comment:  composition
comment:  composition
comment:  composition
comment:  composition
comment:  composition


cluster  41 :
comment:  www
comment:  com
comment:  ver
comment:  www
comment:  para
comment:  del
comment:  www
comment:  com


cluster  42 :
comment:  superbe
comment:  je
comment:  je
comment:  merci
comment:  beaucoup
comment:  merci
comment:  beaucoup


cluster  43 :
comment:  annette
comment:  daryl
comment:  daryl
comment:  schwartz
comment:  gemma
comment:  orr
comment:  dominique
comment:  dominique
comment:  patrice
comment:  dominique
comment:  yvonne
comment:  alvarez
comment:  ramos
comment:  javier
comment:  javier
comment:  fletcher
comment:  dominique
comment:  louisa
comment:  louisa
comment:  gemma


cluster  44 :
CAPTION: person
comment:  world
comment:  favorite
comment:  dream
comment:  piece
comment:  new
comment:  add
comment:  add
comment:  new
comment:  world
comment:  piece
comment:  world
comment:  country
comment:  word
person 	0.34106386


cluster  45 :
comment:  meilleure
comment:  pouvez
comment:  suivre
comment:  suivre
comment:  rhytmic
comment:  heet
comment:  nio
comment:  blijf
comment:  seite
comment:  einen
comment:  abend
comment:  gerne
comment:  tolle
comment:  goede
comment:  estoy
comment:  talento
comment:  encontrar
comment:  hermosos
comment:  lugar
comment:  profi
comment:  manie
comment:  manie
comment:  mance


cluster  46 :
comment:  dear
comment:  bless
comment:  dear
comment:  dear
comment:  dear
comment:  dear
comment:  dear
comment:  bless
comment:  dear


cluster  47 :
comment:  hope
comment:  happy
comment:  hope
comment:  hope
comment:  hope
comment:  wish
comment:  happy
comment:  hope
comment:  wish
comment:  hope
comment:  hope
comment:  happy
comment:  wish
comment:  happy
comment:  hope
comment:  happy
comment:  hope
comment:  forget
comment:  happy
comment:  hope
comment:  appreciate
comment:  wish
comment:  wish
comment:  happy
comment:  happy


cluster  48 :
comment:  illumination
comment:  monochrome
comment:  tonal
comment:  foreground
comment:  textural
comment:  foreground
comment:  monochrome
comment:  monochrome
comment:  foreground


cluster  49 :
comment:  delightful
comment:  beautifully
comment:  stunning
comment:  beauty
comment:  pleasant
comment:  beautifully
comment:  stunning
comment:  magnificent
comment:  beauty
comment:  exquisite
comment:  superb
comment:  beauty


cluster  50 :
comment:  drain
comment:  serial
comment:  select
comment:  processing
comment:  shield
comment:  processing
comment:  select
comment:  repetition
comment:  equipment
comment:  filter
comment:  reload
comment:  processing
comment:  processing
comment:  select
comment:  layer


cluster  51 :
comment:  week
comment:  summer
comment:  evening
comment:  evening
comment:  holiday
comment:  late
comment:  evening
comment:  late
comment:  evening
comment:  evening
comment:  evening
comment:  late
comment:  summer


cluster  52 :
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful


cluster  53 :
comment:  belated
comment:  belated
comment:  belated
comment:  congratulation
comment:  belated
comment:  congratulation
comment:  generosity
comment:  belated
comment:  congratulation
comment:  apology
comment:  congratulation
comment:  cordially


cluster  54 :
comment:  place
comment:  long
comment:  past
comment:  long
comment:  bit
comment:  long
comment:  longer
comment:  end
comment:  big
comment:  long
comment:  bit
comment:  long
comment:  usual
comment:  long
comment:  place
comment:  difficult
comment:  long
comment:  hard
comment:  long
comment:  long


cluster  55 :
comment:  fine
comment:  excellent
comment:  excellent
comment:  enjoy
comment:  perfect
comment:  absolutely
comment:  perfect
comment:  interesting
comment:  excellent
comment:  absolutely
comment:  extremely
comment:  pleasure
comment:  impressed
comment:  perfect
comment:  fine
comment:  fine
comment:  perfect
comment:  fine
comment:  excellent
comment:  perfect
comment:  nicely
comment:  perfect
comment:  excellent


cluster  56 :
CAPTION: lay
comment:  straight
comment:  fall
comment:  bunch
comment:  walk
comment:  fit
comment:  strong
comment:  boring
comment:  draw
comment:  half
comment:  middle
comment:  fancy
comment:  dig
comment:  spot
comment:  talent
comment:  tough
comment:  strong
comment:  tough
comment:  fit
comment:  hold
lay 	0.3728918


cluster  57 :
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love


cluster  58 :
comment:  month
comment:  daily
comment:  daily
comment:  month
comment:  month
comment:  daily
comment:  daily
comment:  month
comment:  daily


cluster  59 :
comment:  black
comment:  white
comment:  black
comment:  white
comment:  black
comment:  white
comment:  black
comment:  white
comment:  white
comment:  black
comment:  white
comment:  black
comment:  white
comment:  gray
comment:  dark


cluster  60 :
comment:  treatment
comment:  mainly
comment:  building
comment:  line
comment:  refer
comment:  preference
comment:  low
comment:  group
comment:  range
comment:  ground
comment:  include
comment:  group
comment:  type
comment:  preference
comment:  extend
comment:  include
comment:  company
comment:  organize
comment:  path
comment:  test
comment:  term
comment:  process
comment:  process
comment:  balance
comment:  preference
comment:  currently
comment:  process


cluster  61 :
comment:  exposure
comment:  exposure
comment:  exposure
comment:  exposure
comment:  exposure
comment:  exposure


cluster  62 :
comment:  welcome
comment:  welcome
comment:  welcome
comment:  welcome
comment:  friend
comment:  welcome
comment:  pleased
comment:  welcome
comment:  invite
comment:  friend
comment:  friend


cluster  63 :
comment:  mania
comment:  mania
comment:  mania
comment:  mania
comment:  mania
comment:  mania
comment:  mania
comment:  mania
comment:  mania
comment:  mania
comment:  mania


cluster  64 :
comment:  btp
comment:  btp
comment:  btp
comment:  btp
comment:  hlt
comment:  btp
comment:  btp
comment:  btp


cluster  65 :
comment:  ber
comment:  belter
comment:  ik
comment:  dank
comment:  wel
comment:  gl
comment:  eheh
comment:  sehr
comment:  ber
comment:  mee
comment:  echos
comment:  beuatiful
comment:  lolol
comment:  orignal
comment:  danke
comment:  danke
comment:  ber
comment:  ber


cluster  66 :
comment:  de
comment:  le
comment:  van
comment:  du
comment:  par
comment:  de
comment:  le
comment:  van
comment:  de
comment:  tu
comment:  da
comment:  le


cluster  67 :
comment:  post
comment:  blog
comment:  post
comment:  post
comment:  post
comment:  post
comment:  post
comment:  comment
comment:  comment
comment:  reply
comment:  blog
comment:  post
comment:  blog
comment:  post
comment:  post


cluster  68 :
comment:  november
comment:  european
comment:  france
comment:  jean
comment:  marina
comment:  irish
comment:  costa
comment:  zen
comment:  august
comment:  jean
comment:  france
comment:  marina
comment:  france
comment:  jean
comment:  brazil
comment:  european
comment:  ireland
comment:  marina
comment:  simpson
comment:  france
comment:  ireland
comment:  costa
comment:  november
comment:  africa


cluster  69 :
comment:  time
comment:  soon
comment:  time
comment:  time
comment:  day
comment:  day
comment:  day
comment:  time
comment:  time
comment:  day
comment:  time
comment:  day
comment:  time


cluster  70 :
comment:  hah
comment:  hahaha
comment:  ah
comment:  hmmm
comment:  hi
comment:  sir
comment:  sir
comment:  sir
comment:  hi
comment:  hmmm
comment:  ah
comment:  omg
comment:  sir


cluster  71 :
comment:  wong
comment:  elena
comment:  michel
comment:  levi
comment:  rita
comment:  rita
comment:  valerie
comment:  valerie
comment:  enrique
comment:  enrique
comment:  isabella
comment:  michel
comment:  michel
comment:  renee
comment:  renee
comment:  santos
comment:  santos
comment:  santos
comment:  sebastian
comment:  isabella
comment:  isabella
comment:  sebastian


cluster  72 :
comment:  landscape
comment:  stone
comment:  sky
comment:  horizon
comment:  stone
comment:  sky
comment:  sky
comment:  beneath
comment:  circle
comment:  landscape
comment:  sky
comment:  landscape
comment:  stone
comment:  sea
comment:  shade
comment:  landscape
comment:  sky
comment:  wall
comment:  shade


cluster  73 :
comment:  poster
comment:  theme
comment:  classic
comment:  theme
comment:  artist
comment:  theme
comment:  mood
comment:  greeting
comment:  theme
comment:  theme


cluster  74 :
comment:  prefer
comment:  choice
comment:  choice
comment:  prefer
comment:  choose
comment:  prefer
comment:  easier
comment:  prefer
comment:  choice
comment:  different
comment:  familiar
comment:  prefer
comment:  choose
comment:  prefer
comment:  familiar


cluster  75 :
comment:  nl
comment:  notre
comment:  bw
comment:  meg
comment:  meg
comment:  sm
comment:  mundo
comment:  sen
comment:  singh
comment:  vic
comment:  yasmin
comment:  yasmin
comment:  tran
comment:  salvador
comment:  camara
comment:  lima
comment:  bw


cluster  76 :
comment:  tompkins
comment:  mikko
comment:  mikko
comment:  basia
comment:  basia
comment:  hilbert
comment:  brion
comment:  dunne
comment:  maldonado
comment:  rangel
comment:  viviana
comment:  ferreira
comment:  shahzad
comment:  viviana
comment:  ferreira
comment:  dermot
comment:  tompkins
comment:  julieta
comment:  viviana
comment:  ferreira
comment:  christa
comment:  mcclure
comment:  mittal
comment:  rodolfo
comment:  brion
comment:  lundgren
comment:  brion
comment:  catharine
comment:  leyla
comment:  roberson
comment:  leyla
comment:  toshi
comment:  nakamura
comment:  toshi


cluster  77 :
CAPTION: bed
CAPTION: dog
comment:  snow
comment:  cold
comment:  fly
comment:  ago
comment:  sunshine
comment:  chair
comment:  sunshine
comment:  rainy
comment:  season
comment:  wander
comment:  land
comment:  breakfast
comment:  club
comment:  slowly
comment:  water
comment:  weather
comment:  weather
comment:  corner
comment:  south
comment:  fly
bed 	0.29198623
dog 	0.26483706


cluster  78 :
comment:  shot
comment:  shot
comment:  shot
comment:  shot
comment:  shot
comment:  shot
comment:  shot
comment:  shot
comment:  shot
comment:  shot
comment:  shot
comment:  shot
comment:  shot
comment:  shot


cluster  79 :
comment:  fantastic
comment:  fantastic
comment:  fantastic
comment:  amazing
comment:  fantastic
comment:  awesome
comment:  awesome
comment:  fantastic
comment:  awesome
comment:  amazing
comment:  amazing
comment:  fantastic
comment:  amazing
comment:  fantastic
comment:  awesome
comment:  fantastic
comment:  awesome
comment:  fantastic
comment:  fantastic
comment:  fantastic


cluster  80 :
comment:  calming
comment:  genuine
comment:  pure
comment:  minimalist
comment:  tone
comment:  tone
comment:  gesture
comment:  masterful
comment:  expression
comment:  sensational
comment:  minimalist
comment:  excellently


cluster  81 :
comment:  anette
comment:  armand
comment:  anette
comment:  armand
comment:  armand
comment:  nikola
comment:  jakob
comment:  johann
comment:  ernst
comment:  ernst
comment:  anette
comment:  armand
comment:  jakob
comment:  goot
comment:  markus
comment:  markus
comment:  thierry
comment:  gaurav
comment:  anette


cluster  82 :
comment:  career
comment:  goal
comment:  second
comment:  accept
comment:  lead
comment:  step
comment:  return
comment:  win
comment:  regard
comment:  regard
comment:  contribution
comment:  minute
comment:  second
comment:  challenge
comment:  plan
comment:  goal
comment:  accomplish
comment:  lead
comment:  greatly
comment:  subject
comment:  second
comment:  second
comment:  lead
comment:  debate


cluster  83 :
comment:  lol
comment:  wow
comment:  ya
comment:  lol
comment:  lol
comment:  god
comment:  wow
comment:  wow
comment:  btw
comment:  wow
comment:  damn
comment:  yep
comment:  crap
comment:  haha
comment:  ok
comment:  haha
comment:  god
comment:  lol
comment:  yep

101373961279443806744.5940217332744907442
a large body of water with a mountain in the background 

matrix comment dim (2540, 2540)


cluster  0 :
comment:  weken
comment:  daarvan
comment:  maand
comment:  maand
comment:  ruimte
comment:  weken
comment:  geduld
comment:  moeite
comment:  waard
comment:  komende
comment:  weken
comment:  gedacht
comment:  ruimte
comment:  plannen
comment:  tijdje
comment:  voorbij
comment:  springt


cluster  1 :
comment:  morning
comment:  morning
comment:  morning
comment:  trip
comment:  trip
comment:  morning
comment:  morning
comment:  evening
comment:  trip
comment:  morning
comment:  trip
comment:  trip


cluster  2 :
comment:  kaatje
comment:  kaatje


cluster  3 :
comment:  du
comment:  dir
comment:  et
comment:  du
comment:  et
comment:  des
comment:  du
comment:  jour
comment:  par
comment:  et
comment:  et
comment:  du


cluster  4 :
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan


cluster  5 :
comment:  wonderful
comment:  fantastic
comment:  amazing
comment:  wonderful
comment:  amazing
comment:  amazing
comment:  wonderful
comment:  amazing
comment:  wonderful
comment:  amazing
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  amazing
comment:  amazing
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  fantastic
comment:  wonderful
comment:  fantastic
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  fantastic
comment:  fantastic
comment:  amazing
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  amazing
comment:  wonderful
comment:  fantastic
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful


cluster  6 :
comment:  venture
comment:  opposite
comment:  social
comment:  group
comment:  role
comment:  vast
comment:  contribution
comment:  vast
comment:  contribution
comment:  engaging
comment:  immense
comment:  venture
comment:  wide


cluster  7 :
comment:  miss
comment:  hope
comment:  hope
comment:  hope
comment:  luck
comment:  hope
comment:  hope
comment:  miss
comment:  miss
comment:  hope
comment:  hope
comment:  hope
comment:  appreciate
comment:  happy
comment:  wish
comment:  hope
comment:  miss
comment:  miss
comment:  hope
comment:  hope
comment:  hope
comment:  happy


cluster  8 :
comment:  heath
comment:  swiss
comment:  milky
comment:  aurora
comment:  costa
comment:  nomad
comment:  tri
comment:  switzerland
comment:  lyme
comment:  heath
comment:  johns
comment:  marina
comment:  swiss
comment:  marina
comment:  rd
comment:  switzerland


cluster  9 :
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thanks
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thanks
comment:  thank


cluster  10 :
comment:  mona
comment:  mona
comment:  gemma
comment:  gemma
comment:  shelly
comment:  shelly
comment:  elena
comment:  claudia
comment:  jenn
comment:  jenn
comment:  eileen
comment:  rita
comment:  singh
comment:  lim
comment:  sheila
comment:  michel
comment:  enrique
comment:  enrique
comment:  rosie
comment:  rosie
comment:  michel
comment:  jenn
comment:  jenn
comment:  natasha
comment:  wong
comment:  annette
comment:  nora
comment:  nora
comment:  singh
comment:  sheila
comment:  sheila
comment:  michel
comment:  michel


cluster  11 :
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  pic
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo


cluster  12 :
comment:  ook
comment:  het
comment:  een
comment:  een
comment:  aan
comment:  voor
comment:  het
comment:  het
comment:  voor
comment:  een
comment:  ook
comment:  een
comment:  het
comment:  het
comment:  voor
comment:  ook
comment:  het
comment:  het
comment:  het
comment:  voor
comment:  ook
comment:  een
comment:  een
comment:  een
comment:  het


cluster  13 :
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg


cluster  14 :
comment:  place
comment:  place
comment:  place
comment:  place
comment:  place
comment:  place
comment:  end
comment:  place
comment:  place
comment:  place
comment:  place
comment:  end
comment:  place
comment:  place
comment:  place
comment:  end
comment:  place
comment:  place


cluster  15 :
comment:  bad
comment:  guy
comment:  crazy
comment:  stuff
comment:  sick
comment:  stuff
comment:  darn
comment:  kinda
comment:  kinda
comment:  stuff
comment:  awful
comment:  bad
comment:  stuff
comment:  lately
comment:  anymore
comment:  stuff
comment:  stuff


cluster  16 :
comment:  romande
comment:  wessels
comment:  wessels
comment:  giorgi
comment:  reflet
comment:  reynaud
comment:  btp
comment:  btp
comment:  btp
comment:  dalibor
comment:  dalibor
comment:  coggin
comment:  wessels
comment:  rogge
comment:  wilfried
comment:  pelaez
comment:  annick
comment:  annick
comment:  reflet
comment:  btp
comment:  munford
comment:  btp
comment:  munford
comment:  pno
comment:  rogge
comment:  okidoki
comment:  btp
comment:  btp
comment:  rogge
comment:  filtra
comment:  qadir
comment:  marilou
comment:  marilou
comment:  ajb


cluster  17 :
comment:  sandwich
comment:  cheese
comment:  sticky
comment:  fist
comment:  sandwich
comment:  tea
comment:  hop
comment:  sticky
comment:  breakfast
comment:  tease
comment:  brown
comment:  bag
comment:  fat
comment:  chocolate
comment:  blush
comment:  sandwich
comment:  envious
comment:  sandwich
comment:  sandwich
comment:  breakfast
comment:  tease


cluster  18 :
comment:  beauty
comment:  beauty
comment:  beauty
comment:  beauty
comment:  scenery
comment:  beauty
comment:  scenery


cluster  19 :
comment:  youssef
comment:  gunderson
comment:  rodolfo
comment:  rodolfo
comment:  kamil
comment:  kamil
comment:  terrie
comment:  terrie
comment:  rini
comment:  renate
comment:  mikko
comment:  mikko
comment:  leyla
comment:  roberson
comment:  mcclure
comment:  heine
comment:  heine
comment:  heine
comment:  hilbert
comment:  mady
comment:  baldur
comment:  kamil
comment:  shahzad
comment:  dermot
comment:  gans
comment:  tompkins
comment:  carra
comment:  heyward
comment:  didier
comment:  didier
comment:  natascha
comment:  mamo
comment:  mamo
comment:  forsberg
comment:  karrie
comment:  karrie
comment:  kne
comment:  mieke
comment:  griggs
comment:  mady


cluster  20 :
comment:  reflection
comment:  reflection
comment:  reflection
comment:  reflection
comment:  reflection
comment:  reflection
comment:  reflection
comment:  reflection
comment:  reflection
comment:  reflection
comment:  reflection
comment:  reflection
comment:  reflection
comment:  reflection
comment:  reflection
comment:  reflection
comment:  reflection
comment:  reflection
comment:  reflection
comment:  reflection
comment:  reflection
comment:  reflection
comment:  reflection
comment:  reflection
comment:  reflection
comment:  reflection
comment:  reflection


cluster  21 :
comment:  oh
comment:  ok
comment:  hey
comment:  hey
comment:  hey
comment:  hey
comment:  sorry
comment:  sorry
comment:  ok
comment:  haha
comment:  ok
comment:  dunno
comment:  yep
comment:  lol
comment:  hehe
comment:  oh
comment:  ya
comment:  ur
comment:  hey


cluster  22 :
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  add
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  add
comment:  add
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  add
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share


cluster  23 :
comment:  williams
comment:  betty
comment:  anna
comment:  anna
comment:  michelle
comment:  michelle
comment:  nancy
comment:  anna
comment:  williams
comment:  howard
comment:  barbara
comment:  nancy
comment:  jerry
comment:  johnson
comment:  jerry
comment:  barbara
comment:  anna
comment:  anna
comment:  anna


cluster  24 :
comment:  je
comment:  je
comment:  je
comment:  je
comment:  je
comment:  je
comment:  je
comment:  nu
comment:  nu
comment:  je
comment:  je
comment:  dit
comment:  je
comment:  je
comment:  je
comment:  je
comment:  je
comment:  je


cluster  25 :
comment:  thoug
comment:  sumit
comment:  sumit
comment:  tran
comment:  tran
comment:  sach
comment:  aamir
comment:  aamir
comment:  kamal
comment:  vishal
comment:  kumar
comment:  enzo
comment:  ros
comment:  enzo
comment:  eather
comment:  bm
comment:  taka
comment:  khalid
comment:  abdul
comment:  kamal
comment:  kamal
comment:  dod
comment:  sach


cluster  26 :
comment:  post
comment:  comment
comment:  post
comment:  comment
comment:  post
comment:  post
comment:  comment
comment:  comment
comment:  comment
comment:  comment
comment:  comment
comment:  comment
comment:  comment
comment:  blog
comment:  post
comment:  comment
comment:  comment
comment:  post
comment:  post
comment:  post


cluster  27 :
comment:  die
comment:  die
comment:  die


cluster  28 :
comment:  gorgeous
comment:  gorgeous
comment:  gorgeous
comment:  gorgeous
comment:  gorgeous
comment:  gorgeous
comment:  fabulous
comment:  gorgeous
comment:  gorgeous
comment:  gorgeous
comment:  gorgeous
comment:  gorgeous
comment:  marvelous


cluster  29 :
comment:  kind
comment:  way
comment:  thing
comment:  kind
comment:  kind
comment:  kind
comment:  way
comment:  kind
comment:  thing
comment:  way
comment:  way
comment:  way
comment:  way
comment:  way
comment:  better
comment:  kind


cluster  30 :
comment:  fix
comment:  bike
comment:  crappy
comment:  tip
comment:  hide
comment:  tip
comment:  etc
comment:  etc
comment:  resist
comment:  fix
comment:  cheap
comment:  win
comment:  pass
comment:  bike
comment:  club
comment:  mark


cluster  31 :
comment:  jaar
comment:  andere
comment:  terug
comment:  volgende
comment:  weg
comment:  wordt
comment:  laten
comment:  gaat
comment:  eens
comment:  gaan
comment:  staan
comment:  andere
comment:  komt
comment:  laat
comment:  iets
comment:  gaan
comment:  zal
comment:  hebben
comment:  volgende
comment:  naar
comment:  verder
comment:  laat
comment:  heeft
comment:  gaat


cluster  32 :
comment:  scene
comment:  scene
comment:  scene
comment:  scene
comment:  scene
comment:  story
comment:  scene
comment:  scene
comment:  scene
comment:  scene


cluster  33 :
comment:  biking
comment:  alpine
comment:  southwest
comment:  soothing
comment:  majestic
comment:  alpine
comment:  alpine
comment:  stunningly
comment:  tranquility
comment:  scenic


cluster  34 :
CAPTION: mountain
comment:  mountain
comment:  winter
comment:  autumn
comment:  cold
comment:  windy
comment:  autumn
comment:  mountain
comment:  breeze
comment:  snow
comment:  weather
comment:  snow
comment:  snow
comment:  autumn
comment:  snow
comment:  snow
comment:  snow
comment:  autumn
comment:  snow
comment:  snow
comment:  cold
comment:  snow
comment:  winter
comment:  weather
comment:  snow
comment:  mountain
comment:  mountain
comment:  weather
mountain 	0.568885453321


cluster  35 :
comment:  need
comment:  need
comment:  come
comment:  right
comment:  bring
comment:  soon
comment:  try
comment:  people
comment:  find
comment:  find
comment:  find
comment:  people
comment:  try
comment:  find
comment:  come
comment:  come
comment:  come
comment:  leave
comment:  right
comment:  try
comment:  need
comment:  try
comment:  try
comment:  need
comment:  try
comment:  expect
comment:  soon
comment:  need


cluster  36 :
comment:  dass
comment:  machen
comment:  gern
comment:  werde
comment:  diesen
comment:  seite
comment:  idee
comment:  bist
comment:  diesen
comment:  paar
comment:  mnie
comment:  paar
comment:  junge
comment:  bez
comment:  ganz
comment:  gern
comment:  dann
comment:  sind
comment:  deine
comment:  viel
comment:  besser
comment:  woon
comment:  paar


cluster  37 :
comment:  meet
comment:  forward
comment:  forward
comment:  read
comment:  meet
comment:  follow
comment:  follow
comment:  forward
comment:  meet
comment:  follow
comment:  help
comment:  opportunity
comment:  check
comment:  meet
comment:  read
comment:  person
comment:  intend
comment:  meet
comment:  send
comment:  read
comment:  forward
comment:  answer
comment:  follow
comment:  follow
comment:  opinion
comment:  importantly
comment:  help
comment:  opinion
comment:  meet
comment:  meet
comment:  forward
comment:  job


cluster  38 :
comment:  detail
comment:  location
comment:  view
comment:  detail
comment:  highlight
comment:  view
comment:  view
comment:  location
comment:  view
comment:  view
comment:  view
comment:  detail
comment:  view
comment:  highlight
comment:  view
comment:  view
comment:  view


cluster  39 :
comment:  text
comment:  page
comment:  page
comment:  profile
comment:  profile
comment:  page
comment:  page
comment:  page
comment:  site
comment:  update
comment:  page
comment:  page
comment:  page
comment:  page
comment:  info
comment:  contact


cluster  40 :
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  awesome
comment:  awesome
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  awesome
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  awesome
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  awesome
comment:  awesome
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  cool
comment:  nice


cluster  41 :
comment:  shot
comment:  shoot
comment:  shot
comment:  shot
comment:  shot
comment:  shoot
comment:  shoot
comment:  shot
comment:  shot
comment:  shot
comment:  shot
comment:  shot
comment:  shot
comment:  shoot
comment:  shot
comment:  shot
comment:  shot
comment:  shot


cluster  42 :
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work


cluster  43 :
comment:  pleasure
comment:  enjoy
comment:  fun
comment:  enjoy
comment:  pleasure
comment:  enjoy
comment:  enjoy
comment:  sweet
comment:  enjoy
comment:  sweet
comment:  pleasure
comment:  enjoy
comment:  enjoy
comment:  pleasure
comment:  pleasure
comment:  enjoy


cluster  44 :
CAPTION: water
comment:  cloud
comment:  water
comment:  gray
comment:  hike
comment:  yellow
comment:  tree
comment:  yellow
comment:  horizon
comment:  invisible
comment:  cabin
comment:  air
comment:  pile
comment:  melt
comment:  mixed
comment:  vaguely
comment:  near
comment:  dirt
comment:  tree
comment:  cloud
comment:  cloud
comment:  horizon
comment:  horizon
comment:  hike
comment:  gradually
comment:  tree
comment:  burning
comment:  mid
comment:  wood
water 	0.347722618708


cluster  45 :
comment:  wat
comment:  dat
comment:  wat
comment:  dat
comment:  wat
comment:  wat
comment:  wil
comment:  nah
comment:  dat
comment:  wat
comment:  wat
comment:  er
comment:  er
comment:  er
comment:  hoe


cluster  46 :
CAPTION: large
comment:  line
comment:  large
comment:  result
comment:  result
comment:  case
comment:  initially
comment:  involve
comment:  result
comment:  type
comment:  result
comment:  large
comment:  normally
comment:  result
comment:  case
comment:  case
comment:  low
comment:  balance
comment:  case
comment:  line
comment:  regular
comment:  manage
large 	0.424916586706


cluster  47 :
comment:  dank
comment:  dank
comment:  dank
comment:  dank
comment:  dank
comment:  dank
comment:  dank


cluster  48 :
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good


cluster  49 :
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image


cluster  50 :
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like


cluster  51 :
comment:  jansen
comment:  tania
comment:  anja
comment:  anja
comment:  anja
comment:  christa
comment:  christa
comment:  florian
comment:  jansen
comment:  anja
comment:  markus
comment:  markus
comment:  sofie
comment:  sofie
comment:  dunne
comment:  matthias
comment:  matthias
comment:  matthias
comment:  knapp
comment:  spiegel
comment:  dunne
comment:  javier
comment:  jansen


cluster  52 :
comment:  freezing
comment:  temp
comment:  freeze
comment:  dusting
comment:  humid
comment:  dusting


cluster  53 :
comment:  sky
comment:  sky
comment:  perfection
comment:  greeting
comment:  sky
comment:  crisp
comment:  perfection
comment:  sunset
comment:  painting
comment:  flower


cluster  54 :
comment:  composition
comment:  medium
comment:  clarity
comment:  composition
comment:  exposure
comment:  imagery
comment:  composition
comment:  composition
comment:  photographic
comment:  composition
comment:  composition
comment:  reflective
comment:  composition
comment:  foreground
comment:  composition
comment:  exposure


cluster  55 :
comment:  eric
comment:  eric
comment:  david
comment:  david
comment:  michael
comment:  paul
comment:  paul
comment:  david
comment:  david
comment:  tom
comment:  tom
comment:  george
comment:  michael
comment:  michael
comment:  george
comment:  george
comment:  david
comment:  david
comment:  jim
comment:  kevin
comment:  david
comment:  tom
comment:  tom
comment:  smith
comment:  tony
comment:  michael
comment:  john
comment:  michael
comment:  john
comment:  john
comment:  steve
comment:  steve
comment:  paul


cluster  56 :
comment:  al
comment:  ow
comment:  thi
comment:  ne
comment:  www
comment:  com
comment:  pa
comment:  el
comment:  git
comment:  gen
comment:  grande
comment:  da
comment:  ver
comment:  gt
comment:  www
comment:  mo
comment:  na
comment:  pi
comment:  fotos
comment:  pi
comment:  pi


cluster  57 :
comment:  sir
comment:  sir
comment:  don
comment:  don
comment:  nope
comment:  sir


cluster  58 :
comment:  pure
comment:  calm
comment:  quality
comment:  warm
comment:  peaceful
comment:  peaceful
comment:  quiet
comment:  unbelievable
comment:  fresh
comment:  warm
comment:  deep
comment:  sound
comment:  warm
comment:  delicious
comment:  hot
comment:  heart
comment:  piece
comment:  sound
comment:  pleasant
comment:  taste
comment:  healthy
comment:  deep


cluster  59 :
comment:  look
comment:  look
comment:  look
comment:  look
comment:  look
comment:  look
comment:  look
comment:  pretty
comment:  pretty
comment:  look
comment:  look
comment:  look
comment:  look
comment:  pretty
comment:  look
comment:  look
comment:  look
comment:  pretty
comment:  look
comment:  look
comment:  look
comment:  look
comment:  look
comment:  look


cluster  60 :
comment:  delcour
comment:  mm
comment:  borealis
comment:  seide
comment:  manousos
comment:  fontanez
comment:  dolny
comment:  sonnenfeld
comment:  adim
comment:  nuringtyas
comment:  rimovska
comment:  nter
comment:  schurr
comment:  mossbacher
comment:  gekkenhuis
comment:  fotograferen
comment:  oosten
comment:  zwitserland
comment:  spicture
comment:  sobald
comment:  gelegenheit
comment:  soestbergen
comment:  rikard
comment:  lindby
comment:  diavolezza
comment:  tyllinen
comment:  stepanyan
comment:  splendide
comment:  wundersch
comment:  grossartigen
comment:  spiegelungen
comment:  ausgesucht
comment:  mauerhofer
comment:  sairam
comment:  sundaresan
comment:  proyou
comment:  besttopphotographer
comment:  soestbergen
comment:  meertjes
comment:  fotograferen
comment:  melgaard
comment:  showyourbestwork
comment:  melgaard
comment:  grzegorz
comment:  burszta
comment:  mutita
comment:  edibleart
comment:  dolny
comment:  wundersch
comment:  sandidge
comment:  meertjes
comment:  fotograferen
comment:  watervallen
comment:  lijstje
comment:  bouriat
comment:  rousher
comment:  hasenbosch
comment:  parlow
comment:  gijbel
comment:  parlow
comment:  nikolski
comment:  voorlopig
comment:  zowiezo
comment:  bjarte
comment:  wergedahl
comment:  bjarte
comment:  naghmeh
comment:  khadembashi
comment:  naghmeh
comment:  grzegorz
comment:  burszta
comment:  nikolski
comment:  afhangen
comment:  gatver
comment:  ryndak
comment:  vielmal
comment:  tatenhove
comment:  meijnen
comment:  showyourbestwork
comment:  curator
comment:  warthman
comment:  hierl
comment:  kosonen
comment:  missri
comment:  haferland
comment:  menefee
comment:  jaquillard
comment:  kuj
comment:  pami
comment:  pabroquez
comment:  nikolski
comment:  fontanez
comment:  grzegorz
comment:  piechowicz
comment:  grzegorz
comment:  lectionn
comment:  francevous
comment:  galement
comment:  missri
comment:  ilieva
comment:  splendide
comment:  engadin
comment:  landsmann
comment:  versaci
comment:  demaret
comment:  switserland
comment:  verschrikkelijk
comment:  engeland
comment:  wempe
comment:  tompkin
comment:  anatoliy
comment:  urbanskiy
comment:  palpuogna
comment:  delpero
comment:  mossbacher
comment:  rousher
comment:  haeussler
comment:  hinzugef
comment:  landscapephotography
comment:  besttopphotographer
comment:  versaci
comment:  landscapephotography
comment:  haeussler
comment:  daugaard
comment:  showyourbestwork
comment:  woda
comment:  czysta
comment:  rzeki
comment:  landscapephotography
comment:  lacanski
comment:  schnapp
comment:  beitr
comment:  klaro
comment:  liebend
comment:  diesis
comment:  auffindbar
comment:  renay
comment:  engadin
comment:  salmela
comment:  jany
comment:  viala
comment:  lammert
comment:  doddema
comment:  esvall
comment:  jorunn
comment:  gudlaugsdottir
comment:  holderfield
comment:  turkowski
comment:  aballe
comment:  schinken
comment:  spenner
comment:  toppertje
comment:  krajobrazy
comment:  podziwia
comment:  kobiet
comment:  jayakumar
comment:  fontanez
comment:  ryndak
comment:  zwitserland
comment:  nikolski
comment:  tekort
comment:  reken
comment:  mossbacher
comment:  taconn
comment:  grzegorz
comment:  piechowicz
comment:  ryndak
comment:  laudy
comment:  nikolski
comment:  opstarten
comment:  klussen
comment:  esguerra


cluster  61 :
comment:  hear
comment:  hear
comment:  hear
comment:  remind
comment:  hear
comment:  agree
comment:  listen
comment:  hear
comment:  hear
comment:  hear
comment:  hear
comment:  agree
comment:  hear
comment:  ask
comment:  ask
comment:  hear
comment:  personally
comment:  deserve
comment:  hear


cluster  62 :
comment:  word
comment:  word
comment:  word
comment:  swear
comment:  patience
comment:  word
comment:  word
comment:  complain
comment:  word
comment:  humble


cluster  63 :
comment:  select
comment:  include
comment:  include
comment:  utilize
comment:  include
comment:  select
comment:  include
comment:  require


cluster  64 :
comment:  perspective
comment:  challenge
comment:  challenge
comment:  satisfied
comment:  regard
comment:  community
comment:  personal
comment:  community
comment:  personal
comment:  community
comment:  community
comment:  new
comment:  interest
comment:  community
comment:  perspective
comment:  new
comment:  aim
comment:  receive
comment:  new
comment:  country
comment:  country
comment:  pay
comment:  subject
comment:  introduce
comment:  satisfied


cluster  65 :
comment:  superb
comment:  superb
comment:  superb
comment:  excellent
comment:  incredible
comment:  excellent
comment:  excellent
comment:  excellent
comment:  superb
comment:  excellent
comment:  excellent
comment:  excellent
comment:  excellent
comment:  impressive
comment:  impressive


cluster  66 :
comment:  une
comment:  cette
comment:  superbe
comment:  comme
comment:  une
comment:  travail
comment:  notre
comment:  vos


cluster  67 :
comment:  shawn
comment:  jackie
comment:  shawn
comment:  carey
comment:  ellen
comment:  sandra
comment:  sandra
comment:  sandra
comment:  kurt
comment:  kurt
comment:  shawn
comment:  shawn
comment:  jackie
comment:  joan
comment:  ian
comment:  joan
comment:  joan
comment:  andrea
comment:  andrea
comment:  jackie


cluster  68 :
comment:  alp
comment:  marla
comment:  koontz
comment:  anette
comment:  anette
comment:  lumi
comment:  rohan
comment:  marquardt
comment:  etna
comment:  thierry
comment:  thierry
comment:  nikola
comment:  mendoza
comment:  nikola
comment:  saskia
comment:  britta
comment:  dubois
comment:  nikola
comment:  nikola
comment:  milena
comment:  anette
comment:  britta
comment:  comi
comment:  britta
comment:  britta
comment:  nikola
comment:  anette
comment:  dubois
comment:  nikola


cluster  69 :
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  lovely
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  lovely
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  lovely
comment:  beautiful
comment:  lovely
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  lovely
comment:  beautiful
comment:  lovely
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  lovely


cluster  70 :
comment:  worth
comment:  course
comment:  home
comment:  spend
comment:  pick
comment:  past
comment:  busy
comment:  start
comment:  busy
comment:  start
comment:  course
comment:  spend
comment:  worth
comment:  busy
comment:  start
comment:  worth
comment:  worth
comment:  start
comment:  spend


cluster  71 :
CAPTION: background
comment:  color
comment:  contrast
comment:  size
comment:  color
comment:  color
comment:  contrast
comment:  colour
comment:  color
comment:  size
background 	0.45410714


cluster  72 :
comment:  capture
comment:  capture
comment:  capture
comment:  capture
comment:  camera
comment:  capture
comment:  capture
comment:  capture
comment:  capture
comment:  capture
comment:  capture
comment:  capture
comment:  capture
comment:  capture
comment:  capture


cluster  73 :
comment:  wait
comment:  guess
comment:  yes
comment:  mean
comment:  yes
comment:  guess
comment:  forgot
comment:  sad
comment:  wait
comment:  maybe
comment:  yes
comment:  yes
comment:  seriously
comment:  yes
comment:  mean
comment:  yes
comment:  maybe
comment:  wait


cluster  74 :
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment
comment:  admire
comment:  talented
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment
comment:  talented
comment:  talented
comment:  compliment


cluster  75 :
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love


cluster  76 :
comment:  week
comment:  year
comment:  year
comment:  week
comment:  recently
comment:  week
comment:  recently
comment:  week
comment:  week
comment:  week
comment:  year
comment:  week


cluster  77 :
comment:  wel
comment:  wel
comment:  wel
comment:  wel
comment:  wel
comment:  wel
comment:  wel
comment:  wel
comment:  wel
comment:  wel
comment:  wel


cluster  78 :
comment:  en
comment:  van
comment:  en
comment:  en
comment:  en
comment:  van
comment:  van
comment:  de
comment:  de
comment:  de
comment:  en
comment:  en


cluster  79 :
comment:  ben
comment:  ben
comment:  ben
comment:  dan
comment:  ben
comment:  november


cluster  80 :
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great


cluster  81 :
comment:  hudson
comment:  walter
comment:  oliver
comment:  walter
comment:  peterson
comment:  deborah
comment:  deborah
comment:  russell
comment:  russell
comment:  ralph
comment:  ralph
comment:  meyer
comment:  margaret
comment:  riley
comment:  carolyn
comment:  harvey
comment:  hudson
comment:  jeffrey
comment:  kerry
comment:  murphy
comment:  oliver
comment:  margaret
comment:  margaret
comment:  margaret
comment:  margaret
comment:  deborah


cluster  82 :
comment:  killer
comment:  rock
comment:  album
comment:  album
comment:  album
comment:  epic
comment:  epic
comment:  epic
comment:  epic
comment:  epic


cluster  83 :
comment:  dacht
comment:  laatste
comment:  beetje
comment:  tijd
comment:  gehad
comment:  laatste
comment:  daarna
comment:  rustig
comment:  gelukkig
comment:  benieuwd
comment:  werken
comment:  dingen
comment:  nieuws
comment:  einde
comment:  krijgen
comment:  denk
comment:  weten
comment:  moeten
comment:  druk
comment:  prachtig
comment:  slecht
comment:  dagen
comment:  weten
comment:  wanneer
comment:  inderdaad
comment:  meteen
comment:  daarom
comment:  tijd
comment:  dagen
comment:  kijken
comment:  loopt


cluster  84 :
comment:  suisse
comment:  symetry
comment:  paysage
comment:  hoep
comment:  dzi
comment:  bardzo
comment:  meilleure
comment:  pouvez
comment:  suivre
comment:  suivre
comment:  autre
comment:  paysage
comment:  omas
comment:  sainte


cluster  85 :
comment:  mathis
comment:  yasmin
comment:  yasmin
comment:  schweiz
comment:  faber
comment:  orr
comment:  schweiz
comment:  benoit
comment:  benoit
comment:  dempsey
comment:  reilly
comment:  athena
comment:  athena
comment:  dominique
comment:  joann
comment:  mcqueen
comment:  fletcher
comment:  schweiz
comment:  rowe
comment:  sloan
comment:  nixon
comment:  dempsey
comment:  levi
comment:  gallup
comment:  lightroom
comment:  philippe
comment:  philippe


cluster  86 :
comment:  alles
comment:  hier
comment:  ich
comment:  habe
comment:  ich
comment:  auch
comment:  mit
comment:  ein
comment:  hier
comment:  ja
comment:  alles
comment:  wie
comment:  auch
comment:  ich
comment:  mir
comment:  nur
comment:  hier


cluster  87 :
comment:  haven
comment:  haven
comment:  dawn
comment:  haven
comment:  lake
comment:  lake
comment:  lake


cluster  88 :
comment:  valid
comment:  likewise
comment:  rule
comment:  illness
comment:  version
comment:  compare
comment:  timing
comment:  clarify
comment:  repeat
comment:  load
comment:  bonus
comment:  weak
comment:  complaint
comment:  rule
comment:  rule
comment:  apply
comment:  distraction
comment:  alter
comment:  age


cluster  89 :
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad


cluster  90 :
comment:  editor
comment:  portfolio
comment:  portfolio
comment:  grant
comment:  grant
comment:  portfolio
comment:  editor
comment:  mobile
comment:  winner
comment:  editor


cluster  91 :
comment:  friend
comment:  sister
comment:  dear
comment:  friend
comment:  sister
comment:  friend
comment:  friend
comment:  friend


cluster  92 :
comment:  woow
comment:  oyu
comment:  gah
comment:  woow
comment:  gah
comment:  lololol


cluster  93 :
comment:  beautyful
comment:  tress
comment:  healty
comment:  rapturous
comment:  priviledge


cluster  94 :
comment:  simpson
comment:  potter
comment:  halloween
comment:  jack
comment:  victoria
comment:  victoria
comment:  houston
comment:  co
comment:  france
comment:  jean
comment:  france
comment:  jean
comment:  october
comment:  halloween
comment:  ireland
comment:  ana
comment:  carol
comment:  wednesday
comment:  jean
comment:  jean
comment:  robin


cluster  95 :
comment:  nl
comment:  sen
comment:  meg
comment:  qua
comment:  nl
comment:  qua
comment:  nl
comment:  kai
comment:  za
comment:  ga
comment:  lai
comment:  zag
comment:  meg
comment:  ge
comment:  kn


cluster  96 :
comment:  think
comment:  tell
comment:  tell
comment:  think
comment:  know
comment:  think
comment:  tell
comment:  think
comment:  know
comment:  think


cluster  97 :
comment:  mirror
comment:  lens
comment:  lens
comment:  mirror
comment:  mirror
comment:  mirror
comment:  frame
comment:  mirror
comment:  tone
comment:  mirror


cluster  98 :
comment:  daily
comment:  daily
comment:  hour
comment:  hour
comment:  daily
comment:  daily


cluster  99 :
comment:  visit
comment:  visit
comment:  visit
comment:  visit
comment:  visit
comment:  visit


cluster  100 :
comment:  perfect
comment:  perfectly
comment:  perfectly
comment:  easy
comment:  fine
comment:  perfect


cluster  101 :
comment:  photographer
comment:  photographer
comment:  photographer
comment:  photographer
comment:  photography
comment:  photographer
comment:  photography
comment:  photography
comment:  photography
comment:  photography
comment:  photographer
comment:  photographer
comment:  photographer
comment:  photographer
comment:  photography


cluster  102 :
comment:  time
comment:  time
comment:  day
comment:  day
comment:  time
comment:  time
comment:  time
comment:  day
comment:  day
comment:  time
comment:  time
comment:  time
comment:  time
comment:  day
comment:  day
comment:  day
comment:  time
comment:  time
comment:  time
comment:  time
comment:  time


cluster  103 :
comment:  catch
comment:  half
comment:  catch
comment:  play
comment:  play
comment:  live
comment:  middle
comment:  lay
comment:  fight
comment:  fight
comment:  treat
comment:  middle
comment:  fall
comment:  tough
comment:  grab
comment:  fall
comment:  spot
comment:  fall
comment:  live
comment:  slowly
comment:  hand
comment:  open
comment:  break
comment:  boring
comment:  lose


cluster  104 :
CAPTION: body
comment:  light
comment:  light
comment:  bright
comment:  light
comment:  light
comment:  high
comment:  eye
comment:  nature
comment:  light
comment:  light
comment:  light
comment:  body
body 	0.471021197736


cluster  105 :
comment:  nog
comment:  nog
comment:  doen
comment:  nog
comment:  doen
comment:  nog
comment:  nog
comment:  nog
comment:  nog
comment:  doen
comment:  nog
comment:  nog
comment:  nog


cluster  106 :
comment:  theme
comment:  theme
comment:  theme
comment:  theme
comment:  theme
comment:  theme
comment:  theme


cluster  107 :
comment:  toe
comment:  heel
comment:  pad
comment:  net
comment:  pad
comment:  heel
comment:  inch
comment:  shield
comment:  hoop
comment:  zoom
comment:  micro
comment:  upper
comment:  upper
comment:  flatter
comment:  net
comment:  sofa


cluster  108 :
comment:  solltest
comment:  sicherlich
comment:  nochmals
comment:  zuid
comment:  geschehen
comment:  besuchen
comment:  nieder
comment:  landschaft
comment:  wochen
comment:  iet
comment:  prosto
comment:  magst
comment:  leichter
comment:  hinter
comment:  lepiej


cluster  109 :
comment:  ve
comment:  ve
comment:  pro
comment:  th
comment:  ha
comment:  ve
comment:  ve


cluster  110 :
comment:  bravo
comment:  merci
comment:  merci
comment:  merci
comment:  beaucoup
comment:  amigo
comment:  bravo
comment:  merci
comment:  merci
comment:  beaucoup


cluster  111 :
comment:  bit
comment:  couple
comment:  big
comment:  interesting
comment:  lot
comment:  long
comment:  big
comment:  hard
comment:  absolutely
comment:  plenty
comment:  best
comment:  true
comment:  hard
comment:  long
comment:  little
comment:  life
comment:  real
comment:  bit
comment:  hard
comment:  lot
comment:  interesting
comment:  hard
comment:  absolutely
comment:  lot
comment:  bit
comment:  big


cluster  112 :
comment:  feel
comment:  moment
comment:  certainly
comment:  mind
comment:  certainly
comment:  reason
comment:  feel
comment:  mention
comment:  feel
comment:  imagine
comment:  imagine
comment:  actually
comment:  sense
comment:  feeling
comment:  feel
comment:  feel
comment:  definitely
comment:  moment
comment:  feel
comment:  feel
comment:  obviously
comment:  obviously
comment:  fact
comment:  feel
comment:  exactly
comment:  mind


cluster  113 :
comment:  sure
comment:  sure
comment:  sure
comment:  want
comment:  want
comment:  want
comment:  want
comment:  want
comment:  want
comment:  want
comment:  want
comment:  want
comment:  want
comment:  want
comment:  want


cluster  114 :
comment:  welcome
comment:  welcome
comment:  pleased
comment:  welcome
comment:  welcome
comment:  welcome
comment:  welcome


cluster  115 :
comment:  early
comment:  early
comment:  arrive
comment:  early
comment:  early
comment:  earlier
comment:  brief
comment:  prepare
comment:  return
comment:  season
comment:  track


cluster  116 :
comment:  op
comment:  op
comment:  mee
comment:  op
comment:  op
comment:  te
comment:  te
comment:  op
comment:  om
comment:  te
comment:  op


cluster  117 :
comment:  landscape
comment:  landscape
comment:  landscape
comment:  landscape
comment:  landscape
comment:  landscape
comment:  landscape
comment:  landscape
comment:  landscape
comment:  landscape


cluster  118 :
comment:  ik
comment:  ik
comment:  ik
comment:  ik
comment:  ik
comment:  ik
comment:  ik
comment:  ik
comment:  ik
comment:  ik
comment:  ik
comment:  ze
comment:  ik
comment:  ik
comment:  ik


cluster  119 :
comment:  longer
comment:  choice
comment:  usually
comment:  useful
comment:  possible
comment:  different
comment:  lack
comment:  different
comment:  create
comment:  familiar
comment:  similar
comment:  choice
comment:  change
comment:  choice
comment:  possible
comment:  small
comment:  strong


cluster  120 :
comment:  maar
comment:  toch
comment:  goed
comment:  mooi
comment:  kom
comment:  maar
comment:  veel
comment:  heb
comment:  niet
comment:  weer
comment:  weer
comment:  lekker
comment:  zou
comment:  maken
comment:  weer
comment:  moet
comment:  veel
comment:  maar
comment:  mijn
comment:  veel
comment:  goed
comment:  weer
comment:  geen
comment:  weer
comment:  maar
comment:  weer
comment:  maar
comment:  weer
comment:  heb
comment:  weer
comment:  heb
comment:  waar
comment:  erg
comment:  toch
comment:  goed
comment:  jou
comment:  niet
comment:  komen
comment:  maar
comment:  deze
comment:  weer
comment:  uit
comment:  nou
comment:  maar
comment:  kom
comment:  niet
comment:  moet


cluster  121 :
comment:  stunning
comment:  stunning
comment:  beautifully
comment:  stunning
comment:  stunning
comment:  stunning
comment:  stunning
comment:  spectacular
comment:  stunning
comment:  stunning
comment:  spectacular
comment:  beautifully
comment:  stunning
comment:  magnificent
comment:  stunning
comment:  spectacular
comment:  stunning
comment:  stunning


cluster  122 :
comment:  wow
comment:  wow
comment:  wow
comment:  wow
comment:  wow
comment:  wow
comment:  wow
comment:  wow
comment:  super
comment:  wow
comment:  wow
comment:  wow


cluster  123 :
comment:  crystalline
comment:  endurance
comment:  disable
comment:  disease
comment:  isolation
comment:  usefulness
comment:  processing
comment:  symmetry
comment:  migration
comment:  processing
comment:  filter
comment:  pipeline


cluster  124 :
comment:  picture
comment:  picture
comment:  picture
comment:  picture
comment:  picture
comment:  picture
comment:  picture


cluster  125 :
comment:  danke
comment:  danke
comment:  danke
comment:  congrat


cluster  126 :
comment:  mania
comment:  mania
comment:  fever
comment:  mania
comment:  mania
comment:  mania
comment:  mania
comment:  foreigner

101373961279443806744.5911986215948519698
a close up of a person on a surfboard 

matrix comment dim (1599, 1599)


cluster  0 :
comment:  sairam
comment:  sundaresan
comment:  skouti
comment:  singyou
comment:  seide
comment:  wetwednesday
comment:  grossartige
comment:  ausgesucht
comment:  nter
comment:  schurr
comment:  nter
comment:  mossbacher
comment:  tompkin
comment:  charnley
comment:  menefee
comment:  mikulski
comment:  anatoliy
comment:  urbanskiy
comment:  tyllinen
comment:  nter
comment:  schurr
comment:  ryndak
comment:  kergroac
comment:  grison
comment:  landscapephotography
comment:  snelste
comment:  welgemeend
comment:  sweedon
comment:  hedenberg
comment:  sweedon
comment:  sweedon
comment:  hedenberg
comment:  spectaculair
comment:  manousos
comment:  haeussler
comment:  landsmann
comment:  rimovska
comment:  heimo
comment:  heimo
comment:  kralicek
comment:  ewert
comment:  wahoooo
comment:  rousher
comment:  grzegorz
comment:  piechowicz
comment:  grzegorz
comment:  gram
comment:  vielmal
comment:  johanhope
comment:  ryndak
comment:  gelukkige
comment:  kaatje
comment:  kaatje
comment:  nineninenine
comment:  spenner
comment:  wempe
comment:  delcour
comment:  esguerra
comment:  dusseault
comment:  mutita
comment:  edibleart
comment:  soestbergen
comment:  haferland
comment:  demaret
comment:  aballe
comment:  sandidge
comment:  renay
comment:  renay
comment:  ryndak
comment:  grzegorz
comment:  piechowicz
comment:  grzegorz
comment:  manousos
comment:  fontanez
comment:  gram
comment:  cairn
comment:  yaiza
comment:  jany
comment:  viala
comment:  jany
comment:  bouriat
comment:  hambley
comment:  youngleson
comment:  dir


cluster  1 :
comment:  reason
comment:  believe
comment:  come
comment:  leave
comment:  believe
comment:  understand
comment:  certainly
comment:  truly
comment:  unfortunately
comment:  mind
comment:  surely
comment:  certainly
comment:  soon
comment:  personally
comment:  moment
comment:  feeling
comment:  wrong
comment:  mind
comment:  chance
comment:  come
comment:  feel


cluster  2 :
comment:  overpack
comment:  sach
comment:  bild
comment:  schweiz
comment:  sumit
comment:  koontz
comment:  pluss
comment:  niet
comment:  maar
comment:  mijn
comment:  wens
comment:  etna
comment:  mauser
comment:  schweiz
comment:  netherland
comment:  hoep
comment:  sherpa
comment:  sherpa
comment:  geweldig
comment:  uit
comment:  gallup
comment:  vara
comment:  koontz


cluster  3 :
comment:  smiley
comment:  fb
comment:  wednesday
comment:  hunter
comment:  canada
comment:  king
comment:  canada
comment:  teh
comment:  wednesday
comment:  er
comment:  monday
comment:  japan
comment:  german


cluster  4 :
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thanks
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank


cluster  5 :
comment:  flow
comment:  water
comment:  water
comment:  flow
comment:  water
comment:  water
comment:  flow
comment:  water
comment:  water
comment:  water
comment:  water
comment:  water
comment:  flow


cluster  6 :
comment:  shame
comment:  pleasure
comment:  admire
comment:  smile
comment:  inspiration
comment:  sweet
comment:  smile


cluster  7 :
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love


cluster  8 :
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg


cluster  9 :
comment:  miller
comment:  ian
comment:  ian
comment:  jen
comment:  robin
comment:  robin
comment:  miller
comment:  lisa
comment:  anna
comment:  ben
comment:  anna
comment:  anna
comment:  richard
comment:  richard
comment:  jon
comment:  daniel
comment:  miller
comment:  robin
comment:  robin
comment:  anna
comment:  anna
comment:  jen
comment:  jerry
comment:  johnson
comment:  jerry
comment:  elizabeth
comment:  elizabeth
comment:  anna
comment:  jackie
comment:  stephen
comment:  stephen
comment:  sam
comment:  thomas
comment:  thomas


cluster  10 :
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan


cluster  11 :
comment:  day
comment:  day
comment:  day
comment:  day
comment:  day
comment:  day
comment:  day
comment:  day
comment:  day
comment:  day
comment:  day


cluster  12 :
comment:  good
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  good
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  good
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  good
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  good
comment:  good


cluster  13 :
comment:  complain
comment:  slow
comment:  tough
comment:  walk
comment:  break
comment:  walk
comment:  drink
comment:  pick
comment:  trouble
comment:  cause
comment:  notice
comment:  drop
comment:  stop
comment:  catch
comment:  run
comment:  straight
comment:  word
comment:  word
comment:  word
comment:  sit
comment:  eat
comment:  catch


cluster  14 :
comment:  excellent
comment:  delicious
comment:  superb
comment:  brilliant
comment:  superb
comment:  outstanding
comment:  excellent
comment:  brilliant
comment:  spectacular
comment:  stunning
comment:  impressive
comment:  marvelous
comment:  marvelous
comment:  delicious
comment:  brilliant
comment:  marvelous
comment:  excellent


cluster  15 :
comment:  maggy
comment:  maggy
comment:  hilbert
comment:  hilbert
comment:  kopp
comment:  leyla
comment:  leyla
comment:  munford
comment:  rodolfo
comment:  rodolfo
comment:  seite
comment:  bronner
comment:  pelaez
comment:  fijne
comment:  verjaardag
comment:  gebied
comment:  bowle
comment:  reynold
comment:  prout
comment:  giorgi
comment:  grs
comment:  munford
comment:  alycia
comment:  alycia
comment:  durk
comment:  durk
comment:  verjaardag
comment:  kopp
comment:  gatto
comment:  natascha
comment:  natascha
comment:  wilfried
comment:  ziet
comment:  marilou
comment:  mckeown
comment:  pozo
comment:  dalibor
comment:  dalibor
comment:  schaller


cluster  16 :
comment:  mountain
comment:  landscape
comment:  mountain
comment:  mountain
comment:  landscape
comment:  landscape
comment:  mountain
comment:  mountain
comment:  landscape
comment:  mountain


cluster  17 :
comment:  sound
comment:  mood
comment:  intense
comment:  hide
comment:  precious
comment:  artistic
comment:  touch
comment:  sound
comment:  beauty
comment:  art
comment:  eye
comment:  creative
comment:  mood
comment:  deep
comment:  face
comment:  mood
comment:  breath
comment:  art
comment:  deep
comment:  magic


cluster  18 :
comment:  maybe
comment:  know
comment:  wonder
comment:  sure
comment:  guess
comment:  think
comment:  think
comment:  thought
comment:  guess
comment:  thought
comment:  know
comment:  guess
comment:  guess
comment:  guess
comment:  think
comment:  tell
comment:  know
comment:  guess
comment:  know
comment:  guess
comment:  imagine
comment:  think
comment:  think
comment:  think
comment:  think
comment:  want


cluster  19 :
CAPTION: person
comment:  follow
comment:  advice
comment:  meet
comment:  forward
comment:  learn
comment:  meet
comment:  future
comment:  check
comment:  write
comment:  explain
comment:  meet
comment:  future
comment:  willing
person 	0.39852285


cluster  20 :
comment:  stefan
comment:  stefan
comment:  claudia
comment:  claudia
comment:  gerard
comment:  gerard
comment:  enrique
comment:  mitch
comment:  elena
comment:  cj
comment:  andi
comment:  singh
comment:  deborah
comment:  deborah
comment:  mona
comment:  mona
comment:  singh


cluster  21 :
comment:  sandwich
comment:  tag
comment:  sandwich
comment:  appetite
comment:  weight
comment:  sandwich
comment:  gear
comment:  tag
comment:  sandwich
comment:  mini
comment:  sandwich
comment:  weight
comment:  pack
comment:  workout
comment:  gear
comment:  pattern
comment:  notch
comment:  burn
comment:  load
comment:  weight
comment:  shock
comment:  weight
comment:  sandwich
comment:  boot
comment:  plate
comment:  sandwich
comment:  load
comment:  swap


cluster  22 :
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad


cluster  23 :
comment:  je
comment:  wel
comment:  sen
comment:  een
comment:  ik
comment:  op
comment:  dit
comment:  je
comment:  wel
comment:  meg
comment:  meg
comment:  je
comment:  wel
comment:  je
comment:  wel


cluster  24 :
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work


cluster  25 :
comment:  minimalist
comment:  ethereal
comment:  excellently
comment:  breathtakingly
comment:  luminous


cluster  26 :
comment:  chris
comment:  michael
comment:  michael
comment:  chris
comment:  chris
comment:  michael
comment:  michael
comment:  john
comment:  john
comment:  george
comment:  george
comment:  david
comment:  michael
comment:  george
comment:  george
comment:  mr
comment:  mr
comment:  eric
comment:  eric
comment:  george
comment:  john
comment:  john
comment:  david
comment:  david
comment:  steve
comment:  steve
comment:  david
comment:  david
comment:  tom
comment:  tom
comment:  michael


cluster  27 :
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like


cluster  28 :
comment:  teller
comment:  baptist
comment:  mania
comment:  mania
comment:  le
comment:  de
comment:  le
comment:  mania
comment:  costa
comment:  costa
comment:  baptist
comment:  ireland
comment:  switzerland
comment:  alps
comment:  nat
comment:  pa
comment:  alps
comment:  swiss
comment:  le


cluster  29 :
comment:  photographer
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  pic
comment:  photo
comment:  photography
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photograph
comment:  photographer
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo


cluster  30 :
comment:  cloud
comment:  cloud
comment:  grey
comment:  float
comment:  cloud
comment:  fog
comment:  heel
comment:  stream
comment:  backpack
comment:  mist
comment:  illusion
comment:  surround
comment:  mist
comment:  cloud
comment:  shield
comment:  illusion


cluster  31 :
comment:  lovely
comment:  lovely
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  fabulous
comment:  lovely
comment:  beautiful
comment:  gorgeous
comment:  beautiful
comment:  gorgeous
comment:  beautiful
comment:  gorgeous
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  gorgeous
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  gorgeous
comment:  lovely
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  lovely
comment:  fabulous
comment:  fabulous
comment:  beautiful


cluster  32 :
comment:  lol
comment:  haha
comment:  btw
comment:  hey
comment:  hey
comment:  oh
comment:  ok
comment:  haha
comment:  oh
comment:  hey
comment:  wow
comment:  yeah
comment:  hey
comment:  yeah
comment:  buddy
comment:  wow
comment:  hey


cluster  33 :
comment:  exposure
comment:  conversion
comment:  exposure
comment:  exposure
comment:  composition
comment:  exposure
comment:  composition
comment:  exposure
comment:  processing
comment:  exposure
comment:  exposure
comment:  exposure
comment:  exposure
comment:  exposure
comment:  scale


cluster  34 :
comment:  usual
comment:  plenty
comment:  hard
comment:  hard
comment:  bit
comment:  bit
comment:  usual
comment:  hard
comment:  hard
comment:  real
comment:  sort
comment:  plenty
comment:  bit
comment:  plenty
comment:  hardly
comment:  bit


cluster  35 :
comment:  comment
comment:  post
comment:  post
comment:  comment
comment:  post
comment:  post
comment:  post
comment:  post
comment:  post
comment:  post


cluster  36 :
comment:  happy
comment:  happy
comment:  happy
comment:  happy
comment:  happy
comment:  happy
comment:  happy
comment:  happy
comment:  happy
comment:  happy
comment:  happy
comment:  happy
comment:  happy
comment:  happy
comment:  happy
comment:  happy


cluster  37 :
comment:  birthday
comment:  birthday
comment:  birthday
comment:  birthday
comment:  birthday
comment:  birthday
comment:  birthday
comment:  birthday
comment:  birthday
comment:  birthday
comment:  birthday
comment:  birthday
comment:  birthday
comment:  birthday
comment:  birthday
comment:  birthday
comment:  birthday
comment:  birthday
comment:  birthday
comment:  birthday
comment:  birthday
comment:  birthday
comment:  birthday


cluster  38 :
comment:  eagerly
comment:  conclusion
comment:  interest
comment:  win
comment:  audience
comment:  drive
comment:  success
comment:  return
comment:  thoroughly
comment:  greatly
comment:  order
comment:  discuss
comment:  volunteer


cluster  39 :
comment:  fantastic
comment:  amazing
comment:  awesome
comment:  fantastic
comment:  amazing
comment:  amazing
comment:  wonderful
comment:  fantastic
comment:  amazing
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  fantastic
comment:  fantastic
comment:  fantastic
comment:  wonderful
comment:  amazing
comment:  wonderful
comment:  fantastic
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  awesome
comment:  amazing
comment:  wonderful


cluster  40 :
CAPTION: close
comment:  course
comment:  point
comment:  away
comment:  likely
comment:  worth
comment:  worth
comment:  spend
comment:  particularly
comment:  start
comment:  experience
comment:  busy
comment:  close
comment:  worth
comment:  busy
comment:  worth
comment:  past
comment:  apparently
comment:  difficult
comment:  experience
comment:  taking
comment:  worthwhile
close 	0.473310459228


cluster  41 :
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice


cluster  42 :
comment:  rain
comment:  rain
comment:  die
comment:  ve
comment:  midnight
comment:  club
comment:  theme
comment:  fly
comment:  age
comment:  horse
comment:  weather
comment:  killer
comment:  peaceful
comment:  travel
comment:  mark
comment:  mark
comment:  grand
comment:  garden
comment:  travel
comment:  haven
comment:  age
comment:  ve


cluster  43 :
comment:  meyer
comment:  joan
comment:  simpson
comment:  margaret
comment:  margaret
comment:  victoria
comment:  mitchell
comment:  betty
comment:  betty
comment:  ralph
comment:  ralph
comment:  angela
comment:  joan
comment:  joan
comment:  cox
comment:  kerry
comment:  murphy
comment:  kerry
comment:  simpson
comment:  walter
comment:  betty
comment:  betty
comment:  cindy
comment:  shawn
comment:  shawn
comment:  carey
comment:  kurt
comment:  harvey
comment:  kurt
comment:  barbara
comment:  barbara


cluster  44 :
comment:  enjoy
comment:  enjoy
comment:  enjoy
comment:  enjoy
comment:  enjoy
comment:  enjoy
comment:  enjoy
comment:  fun
comment:  enjoy
comment:  enjoy
comment:  enjoy
comment:  enjoy
comment:  enjoy
comment:  enjoy


cluster  45 :
comment:  soft
comment:  glass
comment:  sharp
comment:  edge
comment:  smooth
comment:  wet
comment:  glass
comment:  wood
comment:  soft
comment:  tone
comment:  light
comment:  subtle
comment:  tone
comment:  smooth
comment:  heavy
comment:  soft
comment:  wood
comment:  smooth
comment:  wet
comment:  finish
comment:  soft
comment:  sharp
comment:  wet
comment:  tone


cluster  46 :
comment:  find
comment:  bring
comment:  especially
comment:  need
comment:  lot
comment:  find
comment:  right
comment:  need
comment:  bring
comment:  lot
comment:  right
comment:  need
comment:  find
comment:  simply
comment:  lot
comment:  people
comment:  lot
comment:  lot
comment:  bring
comment:  find
comment:  need
comment:  right
comment:  need
comment:  try
comment:  need
comment:  simply


cluster  47 :
comment:  vey
comment:  woow
comment:  tnx
comment:  congratulation
comment:  danke
comment:  merci
comment:  tnx
comment:  merci
comment:  merci
comment:  beaucoup
comment:  danke


cluster  48 :
comment:  image
comment:  capture
comment:  view
comment:  image
comment:  capture
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  capture
comment:  image
comment:  capture
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  capture
comment:  image


cluster  49 :
comment:  sir
comment:  hehe
comment:  sir
comment:  ppl
comment:  yup
comment:  nope
comment:  luv
comment:  hi
comment:  don
comment:  don
comment:  sir


cluster  50 :
comment:  friend
comment:  dear
comment:  dear
comment:  friend
comment:  friend
comment:  friend
comment:  friend
comment:  dear
comment:  welcome
comment:  welcome
comment:  dear


cluster  51 :
comment:  wish
comment:  hear
comment:  wish
comment:  hope
comment:  wish
comment:  wish
comment:  wish
comment:  hope
comment:  wish
comment:  appreciate
comment:  hear
comment:  appreciate
comment:  wish
comment:  hope
comment:  hope
comment:  hear
comment:  forget
comment:  wish
comment:  wish
comment:  hope
comment:  appreciate
comment:  wish
comment:  hope
comment:  wish
comment:  hope
comment:  hope
comment:  hope
comment:  hope
comment:  wish
comment:  hear


cluster  52 :
comment:  sharma
comment:  dominique
comment:  dominique
comment:  dominique
comment:  wren
comment:  yasmin
comment:  karin
comment:  karin
comment:  dominique
comment:  orr
comment:  robby
comment:  robby
comment:  daryl
comment:  markus
comment:  markus
comment:  mendoza
comment:  sharma
comment:  gemma
comment:  barton
comment:  gemma
comment:  gemma
comment:  yasmin
comment:  yasmin
comment:  fletcher
comment:  lund
comment:  kamal
comment:  kamal
comment:  athena
comment:  athena
comment:  orr
comment:  tran


cluster  53 :
comment:  story
comment:  story
comment:  read
comment:  story
comment:  story
comment:  read
comment:  story
comment:  read
comment:  read
comment:  story
comment:  story
comment:  story
comment:  read


cluster  54 :
comment:  dreamy
comment:  mystical
comment:  silky
comment:  dreamy
comment:  dreamy
comment:  silky
comment:  masterpiece
comment:  intimate
comment:  impeccable
comment:  dreamy
comment:  dreamy
comment:  silky
comment:  elegant


cluster  55 :
comment:  confirmation
comment:  social
comment:  media
comment:  key
comment:  media
comment:  page
comment:  page
comment:  description
comment:  distraction
comment:  remove
comment:  journal
comment:  execution
comment:  publish


cluster  56 :
comment:  effect
comment:  effect
comment:  high
comment:  low
comment:  result
comment:  force
comment:  effect
comment:  normal
comment:  body
comment:  contrast
comment:  focus
comment:  process


cluster  57 :
comment:  wait
comment:  miss
comment:  yes
comment:  sorry
comment:  crazy
comment:  kinda
comment:  sorry
comment:  yes
comment:  miss
comment:  yes
comment:  yes
comment:  miss
comment:  kinda


cluster  58 :
comment:  aditya
comment:  mady
comment:  mady
comment:  carsten
comment:  roberson
comment:  lorie
comment:  anette
comment:  sofie
comment:  forsberg
comment:  sofie
comment:  griggs
comment:  mikko
comment:  thierry
comment:  thierry
comment:  dunne
comment:  marquardt
comment:  dubi
comment:  matthias
comment:  marquardt
comment:  aditya
comment:  aditya
comment:  griggs
comment:  jansen
comment:  vitor
comment:  ferreira
comment:  vitor
comment:  carsten
comment:  carsten
comment:  didier
comment:  didier
comment:  youssef
comment:  mcclure
comment:  sinead
comment:  sinead
comment:  ohara
comment:  dene
comment:  thierry
comment:  thierry


cluster  59 :
comment:  week
comment:  hour
comment:  hour
comment:  hour
comment:  early
comment:  recently
comment:  year
comment:  week
comment:  week
comment:  week
comment:  month
comment:  recently
comment:  week
comment:  week
comment:  late
comment:  weekend


cluster  60 :
comment:  meatloaf
comment:  dank
comment:  kink
comment:  dank
comment:  stile
comment:  dank
comment:  dank


cluster  61 :
comment:  thing
comment:  thing
comment:  thing
comment:  thing
comment:  probably
comment:  stuff
comment:  way
comment:  better
comment:  actually
comment:  thing
comment:  thing
comment:  actually
comment:  stuff
comment:  kind
comment:  kind
comment:  kind
comment:  way
comment:  probably
comment:  stuff


cluster  62 :
comment:  presentation
comment:  feedback
comment:  response
comment:  feedback
comment:  feedback
comment:  feedback


cluster  63 :
comment:  easy
comment:  unusual
comment:  style
comment:  create
comment:  detail
comment:  simple
comment:  simple
comment:  simple
comment:  simple
comment:  create
comment:  piece
comment:  create


cluster  64 :
comment:  home
comment:  home
comment:  live
comment:  holiday
comment:  summer
comment:  breakfast
comment:  special
comment:  food
comment:  friendly
comment:  evening
comment:  new
comment:  food
comment:  home
comment:  evening


cluster  65 :
comment:  long
comment:  long
comment:  long
comment:  long
comment:  long
comment:  time
comment:  life
comment:  end
comment:  long
comment:  long
comment:  long
comment:  long
comment:  time
comment:  time
comment:  time
comment:  time
comment:  long


cluster  66 :
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment


cluster  67 :
comment:  rock
comment:  rock
comment:  rock
comment:  rock
comment:  hop
comment:  hop
comment:  hop
comment:  rock


cluster  68 :
comment:  use
comment:  extra
comment:  extra
comment:  proper
comment:  proper
comment:  extra
comment:  carry
comment:  carry
comment:  quickly
comment:  tend
comment:  carry
comment:  extra
comment:  use
comment:  extra
comment:  carry


cluster  69 :
comment:  hrs
comment:  cardio
comment:  hike
comment:  hike
comment:  excursion
comment:  hike
comment:  mile
comment:  hike


cluster  70 :
comment:  look
comment:  look
comment:  look
comment:  look
comment:  interesting
comment:  little
comment:  little
comment:  look
comment:  pretty
comment:  look


cluster  71 :
comment:  cake
comment:  celebrate
comment:  cheer
comment:  regret
comment:  cheer
comment:  regret


cluster  72 :
comment:  shot
comment:  shot
comment:  shot
comment:  shot
comment:  shot
comment:  shot
comment:  shoot
comment:  shot
comment:  shoot
comment:  shot
comment:  shoot


cluster  73 :
comment:  picture
comment:  picture
comment:  picture
comment:  picture
comment:  picture


cluster  74 :
comment:  fine
comment:  fine
comment:  fine
comment:  nicely
comment:  fine
comment:  fine
comment:  fine
comment:  nicely
comment:  fine


cluster  75 :
comment:  venture
comment:  capital
comment:  active
comment:  active
comment:  include
comment:  include
comment:  dominate
comment:  area
comment:  include
comment:  separate
comment:  threat
comment:  delay
comment:  exclusive
comment:  effective
comment:  prevent
comment:  worldwide
comment:  active
comment:  effective
comment:  solely


cluster  76 :
comment:  sing
comment:  sing
comment:  sing
comment:  sing
comment:  sing
comment:  song
comment:  fool
comment:  song


cluster  77 :
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share


cluster  78 :
CAPTION: surfboard
comment:  fluidity
comment:  smoothness
comment:  veiled
comment:  pipeline
comment:  minimalism
comment:  abstinence
comment:  smoothness
comment:  roughness
comment:  shroud
surfboard 	0.059067145

101373961279443806744.6296026983151309250
a view of a mountain range from a plane 

matrix comment dim (1024, 1024)


cluster  0 :
comment:  come
comment:  know
comment:  feel
comment:  come
comment:  need
comment:  feel
comment:  want
comment:  need
comment:  feel
comment:  remember
comment:  know
comment:  sure
comment:  come
comment:  sure
comment:  come
comment:  way
comment:  need
comment:  sure
comment:  feel
comment:  sure
comment:  want
comment:  know


cluster  1 :
comment:  lim
comment:  purdy
comment:  dempsey
comment:  michel
comment:  laurent
comment:  nova
comment:  scotia
comment:  michel
comment:  ph
comment:  meg
comment:  yasmin
comment:  bm
comment:  iceland
comment:  fletcher
comment:  andreas
comment:  levi
comment:  lim
comment:  michel
comment:  tran
comment:  bw
comment:  dempsey
comment:  proto
comment:  dempsey
comment:  dempsey
comment:  alps


cluster  2 :
comment:  manage
comment:  lifetime
comment:  contribution
comment:  rise
comment:  stress
comment:  level
comment:  daily
comment:  news
comment:  daily
comment:  news
comment:  daily
comment:  social
comment:  health
comment:  decision
comment:  line
comment:  include
comment:  attend
comment:  profit
comment:  treatment
comment:  envision
comment:  appointment
comment:  process
comment:  health
comment:  weekly
comment:  define


cluster  3 :
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg


cluster  4 :
comment:  hi
comment:  lol
comment:  yes
comment:  wow
comment:  sorry
comment:  sorry
comment:  dear
comment:  hello
comment:  sir
comment:  hey
comment:  yes
comment:  sorry
comment:  sorry
comment:  sorry
comment:  hey
comment:  lol
comment:  wow
comment:  ok
comment:  wow
comment:  wow
comment:  yes
comment:  wow
comment:  hey
comment:  lol


cluster  5 :
comment:  marquardt
comment:  greenland
comment:  greenland
comment:  marquardt
comment:  greenland
comment:  marquardt
comment:  koontz
comment:  lh
comment:  forsyth
comment:  undie
comment:  constantin
comment:  greenland


cluster  6 :
comment:  picture
comment:  photography
comment:  photographer
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photography
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo


cluster  7 :
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  fabulous
comment:  beautiful
comment:  gorgeous
comment:  gorgeous
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  gorgeous
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  gorgeous
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful


cluster  8 :
comment:  impression
comment:  struggle
comment:  drop
comment:  world
comment:  everyday
comment:  life
comment:  fill
comment:  hold
comment:  huge
comment:  away
comment:  run
comment:  familiar
comment:  possibility
comment:  country
comment:  stand
comment:  change
comment:  dream
comment:  prefer
comment:  sight
comment:  close
comment:  life


cluster  9 :
comment:  canada
comment:  curry
comment:  ipad
comment:  heath
comment:  tuesday
comment:  com
comment:  marina
comment:  oops
comment:  penguin
comment:  nope
comment:  com
comment:  marina
comment:  friday
comment:  eve
comment:  wil
comment:  pro
comment:  canada
comment:  http
comment:  goo
comment:  pro
comment:  pro
comment:  swiss


cluster  10 :
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan


cluster  11 :
comment:  manousos
comment:  hqsp
comment:  tarasenkov
comment:  mossbacher
comment:  vandebuerie
comment:  delcour
comment:  gijbel
comment:  taconn
comment:  hqsp
comment:  tarasenkov
comment:  mohammadi
comment:  kergroac
comment:  taconn
comment:  mossbacher
comment:  rousher
comment:  besttopphotographer
comment:  besttopphotographer
comment:  versaci
comment:  rimovska
comment:  touchpad
comment:  sur
comment:  transatlantic
comment:  mossbacher
comment:  jaquillard
comment:  https
comment:  googleusercontent
comment:  pxayybhznmzdddnrjwrlfxxnuk
comment:  ofsrawcsubpbjdoxvynhajixhodhohs
comment:  versaci
comment:  vielmal
comment:  nter
comment:  schurr
comment:  delcour
comment:  landscapephotography
comment:  achternaam
comment:  felczak
comment:  kergroac
comment:  gezonde
comment:  landscapephotography
comment:  grzegorz
comment:  piechowicz
comment:  taconn
comment:  daugaard
comment:  mossbacher
comment:  ch
comment:  kcvggnplease
comment:  marij
comment:  nohlman
comment:  ryndak
comment:  simionica
comment:  vandebuerie
comment:  anatoliy
comment:  urbanskiy
comment:  xenakis


cluster  12 :
comment:  year
comment:  earlier
comment:  summer
comment:  year
comment:  summer
comment:  year
comment:  year
comment:  year
comment:  year
comment:  week
comment:  month
comment:  year
comment:  year
comment:  year
comment:  later
comment:  year
comment:  week
comment:  second


cluster  13 :
CAPTION: mountain
CAPTION: plane
comment:  mountain
comment:  chicken
comment:  ice
comment:  ice
comment:  ice
comment:  puzzle
comment:  hop
comment:  flight
comment:  shadow
comment:  free
comment:  mountain
comment:  tone
comment:  magic
comment:  cross
comment:  tone
comment:  dress
comment:  tag
comment:  star
comment:  cooking
comment:  floor
comment:  apartment
comment:  shadow
comment:  warmth
comment:  wood
comment:  plus
comment:  hop
comment:  black
comment:  fly
mountain 	0.31264911113
plane 	0.24098578


cluster  14 :
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  amazing
comment:  wonderful
comment:  fantastic
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  amazing
comment:  wonderful
comment:  fantastic
comment:  wonderful
comment:  fantastic
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  fantastic
comment:  amazing
comment:  amazing


cluster  15 :
comment:  betty
comment:  betty
comment:  aj
comment:  margaret
comment:  wong
comment:  alexander
comment:  ian
comment:  nancy
comment:  joan
comment:  joan
comment:  sophie
comment:  sophie
comment:  rita
comment:  jean
comment:  claire
comment:  alexander
comment:  shawn
comment:  hudson
comment:  jean
comment:  simpson
comment:  barbara
comment:  ralph
comment:  ralph
comment:  dylan
comment:  andrea
comment:  aj
comment:  jean
comment:  nancy
comment:  shawn
comment:  nancy
comment:  sophie
comment:  sophie
comment:  nancy


cluster  16 :
comment:  experience
comment:  experience
comment:  success
comment:  experience
comment:  experience
comment:  experience


cluster  17 :
comment:  excellent
comment:  excellent
comment:  excellent
comment:  excellent
comment:  excellent


cluster  18 :
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  good
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  good
comment:  great
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  good


cluster  19 :
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank


cluster  20 :
CAPTION: view
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  page
comment:  page
comment:  view
comment:  description
comment:  image
comment:  page
comment:  view
comment:  page
comment:  view
comment:  image
view 	0.609425572249


cluster  21 :
comment:  shiver
comment:  iceberg
comment:  iceberg
comment:  dwarf
comment:  titan
comment:  shouldn
comment:  iceberg
comment:  scape
comment:  frustrate
comment:  iceberg
comment:  shiver
comment:  iceberg
comment:  iceberg


cluster  22 :
comment:  compliment
comment:  fella
comment:  super
comment:  super
comment:  man
comment:  blessing
comment:  watch
comment:  hang
comment:  sister
comment:  smile
comment:  darn
comment:  cheer
comment:  coincidence
comment:  hang
comment:  compliment
comment:  smile
comment:  sadly
comment:  birthday
comment:  brave
comment:  cheer
comment:  nicer
comment:  awe
comment:  watch
comment:  birthday
comment:  compliment
comment:  birthday


cluster  23 :
comment:  hard
comment:  explain
comment:  sense
comment:  place
comment:  people
comment:  bit
comment:  work
comment:  certainly
comment:  simply
comment:  work
comment:  especially
comment:  work
comment:  choice
comment:  long
comment:  end
comment:  unfortunately
comment:  work
comment:  choice
comment:  exactly
comment:  bit
comment:  far
comment:  choice
comment:  work
comment:  find
comment:  work
comment:  difficult
comment:  work
comment:  place
comment:  difficult
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  find
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  lot
comment:  end


cluster  24 :
comment:  wet
comment:  cold
comment:  wet
comment:  cold
comment:  snow
comment:  cold
comment:  cold
comment:  snow
comment:  cold
comment:  winter
comment:  cold
comment:  wet
comment:  sun
comment:  warm
comment:  weather


cluster  25 :
comment:  meet
comment:  trip
comment:  tomorrow
comment:  busy
comment:  visit
comment:  trip
comment:  eat
comment:  stop
comment:  follow
comment:  follow
comment:  meet
comment:  forward
comment:  visit
comment:  busy
comment:  join
comment:  family
comment:  anxious
comment:  night
comment:  morning


cluster  26 :
comment:  ja
comment:  foto
comment:  dank
comment:  je
comment:  wel
comment:  merci
comment:  beaucoup
comment:  dank
comment:  je
comment:  merci
comment:  wel
comment:  je
comment:  merci
comment:  een
comment:  en
comment:  gl
comment:  dank
comment:  je
comment:  wel
comment:  awwww


cluster  27 :
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  awesome
comment:  awesome
comment:  nice
comment:  awesome
comment:  nice
comment:  awesome
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  awesome
comment:  awesome
comment:  nice
comment:  awesome
comment:  nice


cluster  28 :
comment:  debby
comment:  anette
comment:  dominique
comment:  thierry
comment:  anette
comment:  anette
comment:  mendoza
comment:  thierry
comment:  thierry
comment:  louisa
comment:  annette
comment:  anette
comment:  dominique


cluster  29 :
comment:  kind
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  think
comment:  actually
comment:  kind
comment:  think
comment:  like
comment:  bad
comment:  idea
comment:  bad
comment:  thing
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  kind
comment:  like
comment:  imagine
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  maybe
comment:  thing
comment:  kind
comment:  kind
comment:  like
comment:  definitely
comment:  wonder
comment:  actually
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like


cluster  30 :
comment:  landscape
comment:  landscape
comment:  landscape
comment:  scenery
comment:  landscape
comment:  landscape
comment:  landscape
comment:  landscape


cluster  31 :
comment:  hoor
comment:  alles
comment:  goed
comment:  mij
comment:  uit
comment:  mooie
comment:  mooi
comment:  hoor
comment:  danke
comment:  lekkere
comment:  heb
comment:  goede


cluster  32 :
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  hope
comment:  happy
comment:  hope
comment:  happy
comment:  happy
comment:  happy
comment:  happy
comment:  glad
comment:  happy
comment:  happy
comment:  happy
comment:  hope
comment:  happy
comment:  happy
comment:  happy
comment:  happy
comment:  glad
comment:  happy
comment:  happy


cluster  33 :
comment:  btp
comment:  btp
comment:  btp
comment:  btp
comment:  btp
comment:  btp
comment:  btp
comment:  btp


cluster  34 :
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share


cluster  35 :
comment:  leave
comment:  day
comment:  day
comment:  time
comment:  time
comment:  rest
comment:  time
comment:  soon
comment:  chance
comment:  day
comment:  time
comment:  time
comment:  time
comment:  day
comment:  day
comment:  soon
comment:  moment
comment:  day
comment:  day
comment:  moment
comment:  time
comment:  time
comment:  day


cluster  36 :
comment:  george
comment:  david
comment:  david
comment:  eric
comment:  eric
comment:  sarah
comment:  sarah
comment:  anna
comment:  george
comment:  george
comment:  george
comment:  johnson
comment:  michael
comment:  george
comment:  george
comment:  eric
comment:  eric
comment:  eric
comment:  tom
comment:  anna


cluster  37 :
comment:  look
comment:  look
comment:  interesting
comment:  look
comment:  look
comment:  look
comment:  look
comment:  look


cluster  38 :
comment:  fun
comment:  enjoy
comment:  pleasure
comment:  enjoy
comment:  enjoy
comment:  pleasure
comment:  enjoy
comment:  absolutely
comment:  enjoy
comment:  pleasure
comment:  fun


cluster  39 :
comment:  love
comment:  miss
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  miss
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love


cluster  40 :
comment:  tour
comment:  holiday
comment:  destination
comment:  theme
comment:  tour
comment:  theme
comment:  tour
comment:  tour
comment:  winner
comment:  winner
comment:  unforgettable
comment:  tour


cluster  41 :
comment:  welcome
comment:  wish
comment:  welcome
comment:  wish
comment:  friend
comment:  wish
comment:  welcome
comment:  welcome
comment:  wish
comment:  luck
comment:  friend
comment:  wish
comment:  agree
comment:  wish
comment:  friend
comment:  wish
comment:  wish
comment:  wish
comment:  hear
comment:  friend
comment:  wish


cluster  42 :
comment:  new
comment:  new
comment:  plan
comment:  new
comment:  new
comment:  new
comment:  special
comment:  new
comment:  new
comment:  add


cluster  43 :
comment:  read
comment:  comment
comment:  respond
comment:  comment
comment:  comment
comment:  website
comment:  question
comment:  post
comment:  post
comment:  read
comment:  feedback
comment:  check
comment:  note
comment:  update
comment:  feedback
comment:  message


cluster  44 :
comment:  word
comment:  word
comment:  word
comment:  sound
comment:  word
comment:  word
comment:  sound
comment:  sound
comment:  sound
comment:  word
comment:  word
comment:  sound


cluster  45 :
comment:  groetjes
comment:  brugge
comment:  leyla
comment:  roberson
comment:  lololololol
comment:  munford
comment:  hilbert
comment:  massiveness
comment:  jorney
comment:  annick
comment:  woche
comment:  drumm
comment:  krzysztof
comment:  leyla
comment:  roberson
comment:  leyla
comment:  catharine
comment:  toshi
comment:  nakamura
comment:  junge
comment:  dubi
comment:  mcclure
comment:  simo
comment:  simo


cluster  46 :
comment:  wonderfully
comment:  impressive
comment:  impressive
comment:  impressive
comment:  superb
comment:  splendid
comment:  impressive
comment:  nicely
comment:  outstanding
comment:  magnificent
comment:  impressive
comment:  phenomenal
comment:  impressive
comment:  brilliant
comment:  wonderfully


cluster  47 :
comment:  monochrome
comment:  monochrome
comment:  monochromatic
comment:  canvas
comment:  monochrome
comment:  monochrome


cluster  48 :
comment:  produce
comment:  beauty
comment:  solid
comment:  quality
comment:  light
comment:  highlight
comment:  large
comment:  shape
comment:  detail
comment:  light
comment:  depth
comment:  color
comment:  create
comment:  light
comment:  create
comment:  highlight
comment:  shape
comment:  shape
comment:  shape
comment:  contrast
comment:  light
comment:  color
comment:  striking
comment:  natural
comment:  shape
comment:  light
comment:  light


cluster  49 :
comment:  capture
comment:  capture
comment:  shot
comment:  shot
comment:  capture
comment:  shot
comment:  shoot
comment:  shot
comment:  capture
comment:  shot
comment:  shot
comment:  shoot


cluster  50 :
CAPTION: range
comment:  flexibility
comment:  shield
comment:  scale
comment:  float
comment:  composition
comment:  temperature
comment:  index
comment:  composition
comment:  processing
comment:  select
comment:  editor
comment:  size
comment:  medium
comment:  shrink
comment:  switch
comment:  processing
comment:  flow
comment:  editor
comment:  select
comment:  stove
range 	0.27930257

101373961279443806744.6009948707968294050
a view of a mountain range in the distance 

matrix comment dim (2255, 2255)


cluster  0 :
comment:  theory
comment:  evolve
comment:  expression
comment:  compose
comment:  evolve
comment:  rhythm
comment:  standard
comment:  curve
comment:  scale
comment:  dimension
comment:  treatment
comment:  ingredient
comment:  objective
comment:  interpretation
comment:  inner
comment:  ambitious


cluster  1 :
comment:  right
comment:  choice
comment:  find
comment:  find
comment:  choice
comment:  right
comment:  right
comment:  easy
comment:  right
comment:  need
comment:  choice
comment:  choice
comment:  need
comment:  right
comment:  need
comment:  find
comment:  find
comment:  choice
comment:  find
comment:  easy
comment:  right
comment:  simply
comment:  need
comment:  important
comment:  choice
comment:  right
comment:  possible
comment:  bring
comment:  choice
comment:  find
comment:  need


cluster  2 :
comment:  benoit
comment:  benoit
comment:  benoit
comment:  benoit
comment:  benoit
comment:  benoit
comment:  dominique
comment:  dominique
comment:  dominique
comment:  dominique
comment:  benoit
comment:  benoit


cluster  3 :
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad


cluster  4 :
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg


cluster  5 :
comment:  unique
comment:  magical
comment:  nicely
comment:  beauty
comment:  magical
comment:  exceptional
comment:  pleasing
comment:  remarkable
comment:  dramatic
comment:  nature
comment:  extraordinary
comment:  atmosphere
comment:  nicely


cluster  6 :
comment:  adam
comment:  daniel
comment:  tim
comment:  tim
comment:  daniel
comment:  daniel
comment:  eric
comment:  eric
comment:  peter
comment:  peter
comment:  daniel
comment:  michelle
comment:  jim
comment:  jim
comment:  richard
comment:  eric
comment:  eric


cluster  7 :
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  cool
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice


cluster  8 :
comment:  van
comment:  es
comment:  dir
comment:  en
comment:  ir
comment:  van
comment:  da
comment:  est
comment:  tr
comment:  en
comment:  er
comment:  van
comment:  le
comment:  faire
comment:  la
comment:  et
comment:  de
comment:  temps
comment:  en
comment:  temps
comment:  et


cluster  9 :
comment:  man
comment:  smile
comment:  buddy
comment:  super
comment:  excuse
comment:  silly
comment:  super
comment:  goodness
comment:  smile
comment:  shame
comment:  funny
comment:  scary


cluster  10 :
comment:  geht
comment:  geht
comment:  fijne
comment:  gewoon
comment:  blijven
comment:  proberen
comment:  horen
comment:  daar
comment:  geeft
comment:  bedankt
comment:  fijne
comment:  daar
comment:  geleden
comment:  druk


cluster  11 :
comment:  landscapephotography
comment:  graan
comment:  delpero
comment:  macanga
comment:  pwhich
comment:  rousher
comment:  grzegorz
comment:  piechowicz
comment:  grzegorz
comment:  highlightyou
comment:  besttopphotographer
comment:  comthank
comment:  ejh
comment:  taconn
comment:  ertel
comment:  brini
comment:  simionica
comment:  nikolski
comment:  und
comment:  soothingphotography
comment:  haferland
comment:  leadinglinesmonday
comment:  mountainscape
comment:  ineke
comment:  bijsterveld
comment:  gewenst
comment:  vignali
comment:  artistphtographeramateurorprofessional
comment:  jany
comment:  viala
comment:  felczak
comment:  sweedon
comment:  hedenberg
comment:  sweedon
comment:  bouriat
comment:  swartkop
comment:  spenner
comment:  landsmann
comment:  metzdorf
comment:  notrick
comment:  saikh
comment:  graan
comment:  pp
comment:  metzdorf
comment:  lammert
comment:  doddema
comment:  lammert
comment:  ewert
comment:  esvall
comment:  meckmann
comment:  showyourbestwork
comment:  vandebuerie
comment:  showyourbestwork
comment:  brittarogge
comment:  showyourbestwork
comment:  seide
comment:  nter
comment:  schurr
comment:  nter
comment:  delcour
comment:  besttopphotographer
comment:  comenjoy
comment:  versaci
comment:  schwiiz
comment:  dolny
comment:  ramkumar
comment:  rinwa
comment:  felczak
comment:  grzegorz
comment:  piechowicz
comment:  sairam
comment:  sundaresan
comment:  sairam
comment:  simionica
comment:  musil
comment:  ryndak
comment:  esguerra
comment:  gijbel
comment:  tyllinen
comment:  lella
comment:  urle
comment:  anatoliy
comment:  urbanskiy
comment:  pabroquez
comment:  ryndak
comment:  lella
comment:  jany
comment:  viala
comment:  vastgelegd
comment:  showyourbestwork
comment:  salmela
comment:  mossbacher
comment:  leadinglinesmonday
comment:  robt
comment:  langzaam
comment:  langzaam
comment:  verbeter
comment:  girolamo
comment:  cracchiolo
comment:  showyourbestwork
comment:  proyou
comment:  besttopphotographer
comment:  btpgroupthank
comment:  gittan
comment:  beheydt
comment:  gittan
comment:  gewenst
comment:  graan
comment:  kralicek
comment:  swiebel
comment:  menefee
comment:  rousset
comment:  cairn
comment:  manousos
comment:  felczak
comment:  versaci
comment:  soestbergen
comment:  landscapephotography
comment:  lection
comment:  joaqu
comment:  alcaide
comment:  jaquillard


cluster  12 :
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan


cluster  13 :
comment:  win
comment:  late
comment:  win
comment:  late


cluster  14 :
comment:  haha
comment:  ok
comment:  hello
comment:  lol
comment:  ok
comment:  hey
comment:  haha
comment:  hey
comment:  hey
comment:  oh
comment:  yeah
comment:  lol
comment:  hey
comment:  hey
comment:  ok
comment:  lol
comment:  oh
comment:  ok
comment:  lol
comment:  ya
comment:  hey


cluster  15 :
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image


cluster  16 :
comment:  road
comment:  dog
comment:  air
comment:  relax
comment:  water
comment:  spring
comment:  weather
comment:  bar
comment:  wine
comment:  water
comment:  winter
comment:  spring
comment:  winter
comment:  spring
comment:  wind
comment:  weather
comment:  travel
comment:  sun
comment:  breakfast
comment:  club
comment:  land
comment:  fly
comment:  adventurous


cluster  17 :
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thanks
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thanks
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank


cluster  18 :
comment:  perfect
comment:  fine
comment:  fine
comment:  perfect
comment:  perfect
comment:  perfect
comment:  perfect
comment:  fine


cluster  19 :
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful


cluster  20 :
comment:  gorgeous
comment:  gorgeous
comment:  gorgeous
comment:  gorgeous
comment:  gorgeous
comment:  gorgeous
comment:  gorgeous
comment:  gorgeous
comment:  gorgeous
comment:  gorgeous


cluster  21 :
comment:  mamo
comment:  mamo
comment:  gruber
comment:  walid
comment:  fabrizio
comment:  fabrizio
comment:  tisha
comment:  tisha
comment:  gaurav
comment:  mittal
comment:  gaurav
comment:  aslam
comment:  klara
comment:  klara
comment:  gunderson
comment:  ingo
comment:  ingo
comment:  dermot
comment:  dermot
comment:  mcclure
comment:  gruber
comment:  hayne
comment:  rodolfo
comment:  rodolfo
comment:  hopp
comment:  kamil
comment:  hilbert
comment:  alois
comment:  tompkins
comment:  javed
comment:  mcshane
comment:  mikko
comment:  mikko
comment:  marek
comment:  marek
comment:  dubi
comment:  lundgren
comment:  zahra
comment:  mousavi
comment:  zahra
comment:  mcshane
comment:  hilbert
comment:  tompkins
comment:  leyla
comment:  roberson
comment:  leyla


cluster  22 :
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share


cluster  23 :
comment:  wie
comment:  greating
comment:  craw
comment:  tutti
comment:  waw
comment:  oke
comment:  bol
comment:  hol
comment:  whatev
comment:  omgosh
comment:  rak
comment:  schweiz
comment:  schweiz
comment:  kamal
comment:  kamal
comment:  ros
comment:  kamal
comment:  kamal
comment:  tes
comment:  aime


cluster  24 :
comment:  photographer
comment:  photographer
comment:  photography
comment:  photographer
comment:  photographer
comment:  photographer
comment:  photography
comment:  photography
comment:  photography
comment:  photography
comment:  photography
comment:  photographer
comment:  photographer
comment:  photography


cluster  25 :
comment:  feel
comment:  kind
comment:  way
comment:  kind
comment:  kind
comment:  definitely
comment:  look
comment:  pretty
comment:  kind
comment:  way
comment:  way
comment:  kind
comment:  better
comment:  definitely
comment:  look
comment:  look
comment:  kind
comment:  kind
comment:  definitely
comment:  certainly
comment:  kind
comment:  kind
comment:  pretty
comment:  look
comment:  feel
comment:  way
comment:  way
comment:  feel
comment:  look
comment:  look
comment:  definitely
comment:  kind


cluster  26 :
comment:  dylan
comment:  nicole
comment:  cindy
comment:  kenny
comment:  joan
comment:  joan
comment:  kurt
comment:  harvey
comment:  kurt
comment:  patrick
comment:  carlos
comment:  nancy
comment:  dylan
comment:  patrick
comment:  patrick
comment:  kenny
comment:  sophie
comment:  sophie
comment:  shawn
comment:  shawn
comment:  nicole
comment:  ian
comment:  ian
comment:  marc
comment:  marc
comment:  andrea
comment:  andrea
comment:  anna
comment:  anna
comment:  cindy
comment:  neil
comment:  neil
comment:  anna
comment:  moore
comment:  kurt
comment:  harvey
comment:  kurt
comment:  nancy
comment:  neil
comment:  neil
comment:  dylan
comment:  dylan
comment:  stephen
comment:  stephen
comment:  walter
comment:  walter
comment:  howard
comment:  howard


cluster  27 :
comment:  composition
comment:  composition
comment:  composition
comment:  composition
comment:  composition
comment:  composition
comment:  composition
comment:  composition
comment:  composition
comment:  composition
comment:  composition
comment:  composition
comment:  composition
comment:  composition
comment:  composition
comment:  composition
comment:  composition
comment:  composition
comment:  composition
comment:  composition


cluster  28 :
comment:  redo
comment:  delete
comment:  editor
comment:  revisit
comment:  revisit
comment:  delete
comment:  publish
comment:  editor
comment:  timeline
comment:  organise
comment:  editor
comment:  publish
comment:  organizer
comment:  editor


cluster  29 :
comment:  sort
comment:  bit
comment:  bit
comment:  bit
comment:  bit
comment:  bit
comment:  bit
comment:  bit
comment:  bit


cluster  30 :
CAPTION: view
comment:  view
comment:  view
comment:  view
comment:  view
comment:  view
comment:  view
comment:  view
comment:  view
comment:  view
comment:  view
comment:  view
comment:  view
comment:  view
comment:  view
comment:  view
comment:  view
view 	1.0


cluster  31 :
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work


cluster  32 :
comment:  valley
comment:  eastern
comment:  cliff
comment:  river
comment:  river
comment:  marina
comment:  river
comment:  creek
comment:  valley
comment:  marina
comment:  valley


cluster  33 :
comment:  light
comment:  light
comment:  light
comment:  light
comment:  light
comment:  light
comment:  light
comment:  light
comment:  light
comment:  light
comment:  light
comment:  light
comment:  light
comment:  light
comment:  light
comment:  light
comment:  light


cluster  34 :
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great


cluster  35 :
comment:  use
comment:  perspective
comment:  process
comment:  allow
comment:  change
comment:  change
comment:  usually
comment:  process
comment:  quickly
comment:  familiar
comment:  regard
comment:  effort
comment:  process
comment:  possibility
comment:  plan
comment:  fully
comment:  usually
comment:  similar
comment:  use
comment:  result
comment:  normally
comment:  result
comment:  correct
comment:  result


cluster  36 :
comment:  time
comment:  place
comment:  time
comment:  time
comment:  place
comment:  time
comment:  time
comment:  place
comment:  place
comment:  place
comment:  time
comment:  time
comment:  time
comment:  time
comment:  time
comment:  place
comment:  place
comment:  place
comment:  time
comment:  time
comment:  place
comment:  place
comment:  time


cluster  37 :
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like


cluster  38 :
comment:  reynaud
comment:  wilfried
comment:  wilfried
comment:  rogge
comment:  munford
comment:  krzysztof
comment:  reynaud
comment:  reynaud
comment:  rogge
comment:  nieder
comment:  manin
comment:  reynaud
comment:  adcock
comment:  giorgi
comment:  krzysztof
comment:  pelaez
comment:  pbut
comment:  wojciech
comment:  toman
comment:  gentille
comment:  natuur
comment:  rogge
comment:  moed
comment:  catharine
comment:  rogge
comment:  theresia
comment:  theresia
comment:  krzysztof
comment:  bienvenu
comment:  annick
comment:  annick
comment:  reynaud


cluster  39 :
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment


cluster  40 :
comment:  dear
comment:  dear
comment:  welcome
comment:  welcome
comment:  welcome
comment:  welcome
comment:  dear
comment:  welcome
comment:  welcome
comment:  friend


cluster  41 :
comment:  shooting
comment:  scene
comment:  scene
comment:  shot
comment:  shot
comment:  shot
comment:  shoot
comment:  shoot
comment:  scene
comment:  shot
comment:  scene
comment:  shot
comment:  shot
comment:  scene
comment:  shot
comment:  scene
comment:  shoot
comment:  shoot
comment:  shoot
comment:  shot


cluster  42 :
comment:  landscape
comment:  landscape
comment:  landscape
comment:  landscape
comment:  landscape
comment:  landscape
comment:  landscape
comment:  landscape
comment:  landscape
comment:  landscape
comment:  landscape
comment:  landscape
comment:  landscape
comment:  landscape
comment:  landscape
comment:  landscape
comment:  landscape
comment:  landscape


cluster  43 :
comment:  magnifique
comment:  pitty
comment:  merci
comment:  beaucoup
comment:  merci
comment:  merci
comment:  beaucoup
comment:  congratulation
comment:  woow
comment:  merci
comment:  beaucoup
comment:  vous


cluster  44 :
comment:  agree
comment:  agree
comment:  agree
comment:  agree


cluster  45 :
comment:  zig
comment:  zag
comment:  dank
comment:  dank
comment:  dank
comment:  dank
comment:  dappled
comment:  dank
comment:  dank


cluster  46 :
CAPTION: range
comment:  capture
comment:  size
comment:  background
comment:  depth
comment:  capture
comment:  depth
comment:  capture
comment:  location
comment:  size
comment:  color
comment:  capture
comment:  dynamic
comment:  background
comment:  capture
comment:  colour
comment:  size
comment:  frame
comment:  wall
comment:  capture
comment:  capture
range 	0.32466272


cluster  47 :
comment:  picture
comment:  picture
comment:  picture
comment:  picture
comment:  picture
comment:  picture
comment:  picture
comment:  picture


cluster  48 :
comment:  lovely
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  lovely
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful


cluster  49 :
comment:  waiting
comment:  miss
comment:  miss
comment:  wait
comment:  wait
comment:  wait
comment:  wait
comment:  miss
comment:  miss
comment:  miss


cluster  50 :
comment:  btp
comment:  btp
comment:  btp
comment:  btp
comment:  btp
comment:  btp
comment:  btp
comment:  btp
comment:  btp
comment:  btp
comment:  btp


cluster  51 :
comment:  lead
comment:  lead
comment:  leading
comment:  lead
comment:  lead
comment:  lead
comment:  leading
comment:  lead
comment:  lead
comment:  leading
comment:  leading
comment:  lead


cluster  52 :
comment:  wayne
comment:  wayne
comment:  david
comment:  michael
comment:  david
comment:  david
comment:  michael
comment:  michael
comment:  michael
comment:  michael
comment:  michael
comment:  michael
comment:  george
comment:  george
comment:  tom
comment:  tom
comment:  matt
comment:  matt
comment:  john
comment:  scott
comment:  williams
comment:  michael
comment:  michael
comment:  chris
comment:  michael
comment:  michael
comment:  smith
comment:  michael
comment:  michael


cluster  53 :
comment:  airshow
comment:  pict
comment:  alps
comment:  alps
comment:  pov
comment:  darkroom
comment:  veiw
comment:  mania
comment:  mania
comment:  compo
comment:  foto
comment:  hiker


cluster  54 :
comment:  theme
comment:  art
comment:  joyful
comment:  theme
comment:  artist
comment:  master
comment:  handy
comment:  rock
comment:  theme
comment:  mood
comment:  magic
comment:  adventure
comment:  classic
comment:  mood
comment:  grand
comment:  epic
comment:  theme
comment:  grand


cluster  55 :
comment:  highlight
comment:  powerful
comment:  detail
comment:  professional
comment:  explore
comment:  highlight
comment:  highlight
comment:  detail
comment:  quality
comment:  highlight
comment:  highlight
comment:  stellar
comment:  highlight
comment:  highly
comment:  create
comment:  selection


cluster  56 :
comment:  ticino
comment:  ticino
comment:  koontz
comment:  koontz
comment:  koontz
comment:  koontz
comment:  forsyth
comment:  koontz


cluster  57 :
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photograph
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo


cluster  58 :
comment:  word
comment:  word
comment:  explanation
comment:  word
comment:  word
comment:  word
comment:  word
comment:  word
comment:  word
comment:  word
comment:  word


cluster  59 :
comment:  terrific
comment:  superb
comment:  incredible
comment:  terrific
comment:  brilliant
comment:  brilliant
comment:  superb
comment:  superb
comment:  fabulous


cluster  60 :
comment:  send
comment:  comment
comment:  comment
comment:  post
comment:  check
comment:  comment
comment:  post
comment:  post
comment:  reply
comment:  check


cluster  61 :
comment:  figure
comment:  sit
comment:  half
comment:  sit
comment:  lose
comment:  walk
comment:  play
comment:  house
comment:  ready
comment:  breath
comment:  sit
comment:  old
comment:  sit
comment:  watch
comment:  drop
comment:  catch
comment:  straight
comment:  lay
comment:  figure
comment:  worried
comment:  play
comment:  spot
comment:  old
comment:  stand
comment:  walk
comment:  jump
comment:  home
comment:  figure
comment:  pull


cluster  62 :
comment:  line
comment:  line
comment:  field
comment:  line
comment:  line
comment:  path
comment:  line
comment:  line
comment:  direction
comment:  line
comment:  line
comment:  line
comment:  line


cluster  63 :
comment:  sister
comment:  birthday
comment:  birthday
comment:  sister
comment:  birthday
comment:  birthday
comment:  kiss
comment:  sister
comment:  birthday


cluster  64 :
comment:  je
comment:  wel
comment:  je
comment:  wel
comment:  een
comment:  ow
comment:  je
comment:  wel
comment:  je
comment:  wel
comment:  te
comment:  je
comment:  wel
comment:  een
comment:  beter
comment:  je
comment:  wel
comment:  lang
comment:  je
comment:  dit


cluster  65 :
comment:  hope
comment:  happy
comment:  hope
comment:  wish
comment:  hope
comment:  happy
comment:  wish
comment:  wish
comment:  happy
comment:  hope
comment:  hope
comment:  hope
comment:  hope
comment:  wish
comment:  hope
comment:  hope
comment:  happy
comment:  hope
comment:  wish
comment:  wish
comment:  hope


cluster  66 :
CAPTION: mountain
comment:  mountain
comment:  mountain
comment:  mountain
comment:  mountain
comment:  mountain
comment:  mountain
comment:  sky
comment:  mountain
comment:  mountain
comment:  mountain
comment:  mountain
comment:  mountain
comment:  mountain
comment:  mountain
comment:  mountain
comment:  mountain
mountain 	0.967880500481


cluster  67 :
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love


cluster  68 :
comment:  stuff
comment:  lot
comment:  lot
comment:  lot
comment:  bad
comment:  lot
comment:  lot
comment:  stuff
comment:  stuff
comment:  stuff
comment:  stuff
comment:  bad
comment:  stuff
comment:  bad
comment:  stuff
comment:  stuff
comment:  stuff


cluster  69 :
comment:  www
comment:  www
comment:  com
comment:  www
comment:  jeopardy
comment:  ii
comment:  www
comment:  com


cluster  70 :
comment:  yes
comment:  sorry
comment:  yes
comment:  yes
comment:  yes
comment:  sorry
comment:  yes
comment:  yes
comment:  yes
comment:  yes
comment:  yes
comment:  sorry
comment:  yes


cluster  71 :
comment:  ago
comment:  news
comment:  ve
comment:  cookie
comment:  judge
comment:  pro
comment:  vote
comment:  comp
comment:  mark
comment:  mark
comment:  spam
comment:  bill
comment:  bill
comment:  twitter
comment:  ago
comment:  non


cluster  72 :
comment:  triangular
comment:  upstream
comment:  tripod
comment:  straddle
comment:  simmer
comment:  shield
comment:  straddle
comment:  aviation
comment:  meander
comment:  chute
comment:  flank
comment:  foreground
comment:  curved


cluster  73 :
comment:  astonishingly
comment:  soothe
comment:  sharpness
comment:  perfectionist
comment:  trait
comment:  grandiose
comment:  painterly
comment:  masterful


cluster  74 :
comment:  majestic
comment:  scenery
comment:  scenery
comment:  idyllic
comment:  backdrop
comment:  scenery


cluster  75 :
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good


cluster  76 :
comment:  year
comment:  year
comment:  year
comment:  week
comment:  week
comment:  week
comment:  week
comment:  year
comment:  year
comment:  month
comment:  week
comment:  year
comment:  month
comment:  week
comment:  month
comment:  month


cluster  77 :
comment:  daily
comment:  daily
comment:  daily
comment:  daily
comment:  daily
comment:  weekly
comment:  weekly
comment:  daily
comment:  daily


cluster  78 :
comment:  know
comment:  thing
comment:  thing
comment:  sure
comment:  actually
comment:  sure
comment:  maybe
comment:  actually
comment:  thing
comment:  know
comment:  actually
comment:  sure
comment:  thing
comment:  probably
comment:  thing
comment:  thing
comment:  reason
comment:  actually
comment:  sure
comment:  actually
comment:  think
comment:  guess
comment:  know
comment:  know
comment:  imagine
comment:  actually
comment:  sure
comment:  thinking
comment:  maybe
comment:  thing


cluster  79 :
comment:  meg
comment:  meg
comment:  davidson
comment:  lima
comment:  yasmin
comment:  yasmin
comment:  tran
comment:  briggs
comment:  singh
comment:  singh
comment:  ada
comment:  ada


cluster  80 :
comment:  excellent
comment:  excellent
comment:  excellent
comment:  outstanding
comment:  excellent
comment:  excellent
comment:  excellent
comment:  excellent
comment:  excellent
comment:  excellent
comment:  excellent
comment:  excellent
comment:  outstanding


cluster  81 :
comment:  moran
comment:  patricia
comment:  patricia
comment:  michel
comment:  michel
comment:  doris
comment:  doris
comment:  shelly
comment:  shelly
comment:  pam
comment:  pam
comment:  hopkins
comment:  elena
comment:  levi
comment:  enrique
comment:  enrique
comment:  margaret
comment:  rita
comment:  stefan
comment:  stefan
comment:  jeffrey
comment:  jeffrey
comment:  hopkins
comment:  margaret


cluster  82 :
comment:  day
comment:  day
comment:  day
comment:  day
comment:  day
comment:  day
comment:  day
comment:  day
comment:  day
comment:  day
comment:  day
comment:  day
comment:  day
comment:  day


cluster  83 :
comment:  cristian
comment:  cristian
comment:  patrice
comment:  orr
comment:  markus
comment:  dempsey
comment:  gemma
comment:  gemma
comment:  javier
comment:  javier
comment:  mathis
comment:  suzie
comment:  mendoza
comment:  sonja
comment:  patrice
comment:  louisa
comment:  dempsey
comment:  enzo
comment:  enzo
comment:  mendoza


cluster  84 :
comment:  trip
comment:  summer
comment:  evening
comment:  weekend
comment:  busy
comment:  weekend
comment:  weekend
comment:  evening
comment:  summer
comment:  trip
comment:  trip
comment:  journey
comment:  night
comment:  summer
comment:  weekend
comment:  night


cluster  85 :
comment:  worth
comment:  worth
comment:  worth
comment:  opinion
comment:  worth
comment:  worth
comment:  job


cluster  86 :
comment:  page
comment:  page
comment:  page
comment:  page
comment:  page
comment:  page
comment:  page
comment:  page
comment:  page
comment:  page
comment:  page


cluster  87 :
comment:  point
comment:  life
comment:  course
comment:  long
comment:  rest
comment:  long
comment:  away
comment:  far
comment:  hard
comment:  far
comment:  long
comment:  long
comment:  life
comment:  life
comment:  course
comment:  long
comment:  close
comment:  away
comment:  long
comment:  far
comment:  point
comment:  couple
comment:  long
comment:  stay


cluster  88 :
comment:  enjoy
comment:  fun
comment:  enjoy
comment:  enjoy
comment:  enjoy
comment:  truly
comment:  truly
comment:  enjoy
comment:  favorite


cluster  89 :
comment:  new
comment:  add
comment:  add
comment:  personal
comment:  new
comment:  choose
comment:  add
comment:  add
comment:  extra
comment:  add
comment:  extra
comment:  add


cluster  90 :
comment:  espectacular
comment:  mooi
comment:  wauw
comment:  goed
comment:  wauw
comment:  mooi
comment:  mooi
comment:  aan
comment:  toch
comment:  ook
comment:  alles
comment:  goed
comment:  geweldig
comment:  mooie


cluster  91 :
comment:  delightful
comment:  beautifully
comment:  exquisite


cluster  92 :
comment:  wow
comment:  wow
comment:  wow
comment:  wow
comment:  wow
comment:  wow
comment:  wow
comment:  soooo
comment:  wow
comment:  wow
comment:  wow
comment:  wow
comment:  wow
comment:  wow
comment:  wow
comment:  wow


cluster  93 :
comment:  true
comment:  true
comment:  surely
comment:  feeling
comment:  absolutely
comment:  absolutely
comment:  feeling
comment:  real
comment:  surely
comment:  surprise
comment:  true


cluster  94 :
comment:  follow
comment:  follow
comment:  learn
comment:  learn
comment:  meet
comment:  follow
comment:  follow
comment:  write
comment:  meet
comment:  follow
comment:  follow
comment:  follow


cluster  95 :
comment:  select
comment:  select
comment:  select
comment:  select
comment:  select


cluster  96 :
comment:  stream
comment:  stream
comment:  stream
comment:  stream
comment:  stream
comment:  stream
comment:  stream
comment:  stream


cluster  97 :
comment:  awesome
comment:  amazing
comment:  amazing
comment:  amazing
comment:  amazing
comment:  fantastic
comment:  amazing
comment:  fantastic
comment:  fantastic
comment:  amazing
comment:  fantastic
comment:  fantastic
comment:  amazing
comment:  fantastic
comment:  awesome
comment:  fantastic
comment:  amazing
comment:  amazing
comment:  amazing
comment:  amazing
comment:  fantastic


cluster  98 :
comment:  mature
comment:  mature
comment:  echo
comment:  basket
comment:  curvy
comment:  amateur
comment:  fore
comment:  moody
comment:  stark
comment:  stormy
comment:  fairytale
comment:  soothing
comment:  envious
comment:  mature
comment:  grim
comment:  wood


cluster  99 :
comment:  imo
comment:  don
comment:  sir
comment:  hi
comment:  ah
comment:  ahhh
comment:  yeh
comment:  thx


cluster  100 :
comment:  visit
comment:  visit
comment:  visit
comment:  visit
comment:  visit
comment:  visit
comment:  visit


cluster  101 :
comment:  stunning
comment:  spectacular
comment:  stunning
comment:  stunning
comment:  stunning
comment:  stunning
comment:  magnificent
comment:  stunning
comment:  stunning
comment:  stunning
comment:  stunning
comment:  magnificent
comment:  stunning


cluster  102 :
comment:  limited
comment:  freedom
comment:  group
comment:  gain
comment:  exception
comment:  nervous
comment:  enter
comment:  competition
comment:  learning
comment:  critical
comment:  prepare
comment:  confidence
comment:  competition
comment:  feedback
comment:  response
comment:  raise
comment:  case
comment:  extend
comment:  entry
comment:  competition
comment:  manage
comment:  goal
comment:  competition
comment:  age
comment:  exception
comment:  patient
comment:  extend
comment:  age
comment:  contribution
comment:  include
comment:  feed
comment:  debate
comment:  initial
comment:  frustration
comment:  include
comment:  enter
comment:  force


cluster  103 :
comment:  permanently
comment:  processing
comment:  disc
comment:  software
comment:  disk
comment:  processing
comment:  processing
comment:  patch
comment:  notification
comment:  layer
comment:  processing
comment:  variable


cluster  104 :
comment:  danica
comment:  henrik
comment:  andersen
comment:  bianchi
comment:  constantin
comment:  armand
comment:  nikola
comment:  nikola
comment:  jansen
comment:  ansel
comment:  britta
comment:  thierry
comment:  thierry
comment:  lund
comment:  jansen
comment:  jansen
comment:  marquardt
comment:  marla
comment:  britta
comment:  christa
comment:  christa
comment:  jansen
comment:  constantin
comment:  henrik
comment:  andersen
comment:  dunne
comment:  britta
comment:  anette
comment:  armand
comment:  britta
comment:  jansen


cluster  105 :
comment:  paysage
comment:  paysage


cluster  106 :
comment:  deep
comment:  large
comment:  sound
comment:  shape
comment:  shape
comment:  slight
comment:  space
comment:  fresh
comment:  ground
comment:  ground
comment:  spread
comment:  healthy
comment:  low
comment:  large
comment:  eye
comment:  eye
comment:  space
comment:  strong
comment:  deep
comment:  large
comment:  deep


cluster  107 :
CAPTION: distance
comment:  climb
comment:  climb
comment:  hike
comment:  hike
comment:  climb
comment:  peak
comment:  sunlight
comment:  winding
comment:  distant
comment:  peak
comment:  winding
comment:  slope
distance 	0.3621544


cluster  108 :
comment:  experience
comment:  amazed
comment:  pleased
comment:  worthy
comment:  experience
comment:  creative
comment:  inspiration
comment:  inspiration
comment:  story
comment:  inspire
comment:  greatly
comment:  pleasure
comment:  talent
comment:  pleasure
comment:  talent
comment:  worthy
comment:  creative


cluster  109 :
comment:  want
comment:  let
comment:  realize
comment:  try
comment:  leave
comment:  remind
comment:  want
comment:  forget
comment:  ask
comment:  hear
comment:  come
comment:  happen
comment:  understand
comment:  want
comment:  want
comment:  mention
comment:  come
comment:  come
comment:  soon
comment:  ask
comment:  come
comment:  let
comment:  forget
comment:  hear
comment:  forget
comment:  try
comment:  want
comment:  want
comment:  come
comment:  let
comment:  come


cluster  110 :
comment:  heel
comment:  knee
comment:  leg
comment:  heel
comment:  heel
comment:  heel


cluster  111 :
comment:  jean
comment:  jean
comment:  january
comment:  elizabeth
comment:  elizabeth
comment:  costa
comment:  russell
comment:  russell
comment:  simpson
comment:  ireland
comment:  irish
comment:  irish
comment:  ralph
comment:  ralph
comment:  miller
comment:  potter
comment:  miller
comment:  october
comment:  betty
comment:  betty
comment:  ralph
comment:  ralph

101373961279443806744.5992541325695504738
a view of a beach with a boat in the background 

matrix comment dim (2018, 2018)


cluster  0 :
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan


cluster  1 :
comment:  visit
comment:  visit
comment:  visit
comment:  visit
comment:  visit
comment:  recently
comment:  visit
comment:  visit


cluster  2 :
comment:  ralph
comment:  hudson
comment:  ralph
comment:  simpson
comment:  alice
comment:  simpson
comment:  johns
comment:  betty
comment:  betty
comment:  ralph
comment:  ralph
comment:  russell


cluster  3 :
comment:  absolutely
comment:  absolutely
comment:  especially
comment:  perfect
comment:  perfect
comment:  especially
comment:  incredible
comment:  incredible
comment:  enjoy
comment:  truly
comment:  enjoy
comment:  perfect


cluster  4 :
comment:  sadeghi
comment:  rousher
comment:  parlow
comment:  bellisima
comment:  achary
comment:  renay
comment:  graan
comment:  vignali
comment:  parlow
comment:  jaquillard
comment:  graan
comment:  bouriat
comment:  pevlor
comment:  besttopphotographer
comment:  comenjoy
comment:  versaci
comment:  coulta
comment:  jaquillard
comment:  graan
comment:  rinus
comment:  matthia
comment:  haeussler
comment:  cairn
comment:  lammert
comment:  doddema
comment:  gijbel
comment:  teeffelen
comment:  yunuen
comment:  westerlund
comment:  teeffelen
comment:  tyllinen
comment:  skreiner
comment:  sairam
comment:  sundaresan
comment:  landscapephotography
comment:  swiet
comment:  haeussler
comment:  cannav
comment:  pabroquez
comment:  parashuramappa
comment:  meckmann
comment:  breathtak
comment:  nikolski
comment:  soothingphotography
comment:  artistphotographeramateurorprofessional
comment:  felczak
comment:  sharethank
comment:  jany
comment:  rocche
comment:  aballe
comment:  felczak
comment:  beauitfull
comment:  hadegda
comment:  ignatova
comment:  graan
comment:  skreiner
comment:  roswitha
comment:  hmer
comment:  jany
comment:  viala
comment:  jany
comment:  vignali
comment:  girolamo
comment:  cracchiolo
comment:  girolamo
comment:  maarijn
comment:  delpero
comment:  kizuka
comment:  bjarte
comment:  wergedahl
comment:  bjarte
comment:  parlow
comment:  nter
comment:  schurr
comment:  demaret
comment:  stimmige
comment:  jorunn
comment:  gudlaugsdottir
comment:  jorunn
comment:  haferland
comment:  graan
comment:  sandidge
comment:  delcour
comment:  ryndak
comment:  grzegorz
comment:  piechowicz
comment:  grzegorz
comment:  manousos
comment:  weibel
comment:  niederer
comment:  buttgereit
comment:  splendide
comment:  cr
comment:  pusculaire
comment:  versaci
comment:  jany
comment:  viala
comment:  grzegorz
comment:  piechowicz
comment:  grzegorz
comment:  anatoliy
comment:  urbanskiy
comment:  grzegorz
comment:  piechowicz
comment:  esguerra
comment:  jaquillard
comment:  parlow
comment:  obviouslt
comment:  concussion
comment:  plusonecollection
comment:  corsetti
comment:  nter
comment:  schurr
comment:  ssima
comment:  garudi
comment:  ryndak
comment:  weibel
comment:  seide
comment:  peijnenburgbeautiful
comment:  tempera
comment:  proyou
comment:  besttopphotographer
comment:  btpgroup
comment:  landscapephotos
comment:  photosby
comment:  skreiner
comment:  roswitha
comment:  hmer
comment:  crewsalso
comment:  parlow
comment:  grzegorz
comment:  piechowicz


cluster  5 :
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad


cluster  6 :
comment:  likewise
comment:  silence
comment:  win
comment:  arrive
comment:  debate
comment:  absent
comment:  borrow
comment:  instantly
comment:  debate
comment:  recognise
comment:  force
comment:  squeeze
comment:  win
comment:  repeat
comment:  likewise
comment:  force


cluster  7 :
comment:  magical
comment:  calm
comment:  lie
comment:  mood
comment:  soul
comment:  mood
comment:  super
comment:  smile
comment:  breath
comment:  boring
comment:  smile


cluster  8 :
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg


cluster  9 :
comment:  dominique
comment:  dominique
comment:  louisa
comment:  louisa
comment:  mendoza
comment:  thierry
comment:  thierry
comment:  ramos
comment:  yvette
comment:  yvette
comment:  orr
comment:  mendoza
comment:  dominique
comment:  dominique
comment:  fletcher
comment:  suzie
comment:  gemma
comment:  gemma
comment:  gemma
comment:  gemma
comment:  louisa
comment:  louisa
comment:  dominique
comment:  louisa
comment:  mendoza
comment:  louisa


cluster  10 :
comment:  come
comment:  soon
comment:  come
comment:  moment
comment:  come
comment:  right
comment:  try
comment:  able
comment:  exactly
comment:  exactly
comment:  need
comment:  need
comment:  mean
comment:  need
comment:  soon
comment:  believe
comment:  unfortunately
comment:  come
comment:  unfortunately
comment:  try
comment:  try
comment:  come
comment:  ask
comment:  simply
comment:  soon
comment:  right
comment:  come
comment:  believe
comment:  come
comment:  expect
comment:  find
comment:  try


cluster  11 :
comment:  photographer
comment:  photographer
comment:  photography
comment:  photography
comment:  photography
comment:  artist
comment:  photographer
comment:  photographer
comment:  photographer
comment:  photographer
comment:  photography
comment:  photographer
comment:  photographer


cluster  12 :
comment:  mahdi
comment:  hilbert
comment:  sumit
comment:  jone
comment:  kae
comment:  sanger
comment:  wirth
comment:  shahzad
comment:  dubi
comment:  oksana
comment:  dunne
comment:  kartik
comment:  sarkar
comment:  tompkins
comment:  mady
comment:  sach
comment:  mady
comment:  mcclure
comment:  dubi
comment:  marquardt
comment:  peckham
comment:  dermot
comment:  vitor


cluster  13 :
comment:  gorgeous
comment:  gorgeous
comment:  gorgeous
comment:  gorgeous
comment:  gorgeous
comment:  gorgeous
comment:  gorgeous
comment:  gorgeous


cluster  14 :
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thanks
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thanks
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thanks
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank


cluster  15 :
comment:  ian
comment:  ian
comment:  anthony
comment:  stephen
comment:  stephen
comment:  robert
comment:  robert
comment:  robert
comment:  brian
comment:  eric
comment:  anna
comment:  anna
comment:  anthony
comment:  martin
comment:  kenny
comment:  phil
comment:  phil
comment:  daniel
comment:  daniel
comment:  elizabeth
comment:  michelle
comment:  anna
comment:  anna
comment:  martin
comment:  robert


cluster  16 :
comment:  marina
comment:  sled
comment:  thaw
comment:  pier
comment:  prefect
comment:  motorbike
comment:  marina
comment:  pier
comment:  pier
comment:  rib
comment:  motorbike
comment:  glimmer
comment:  pier
comment:  pier


cluster  17 :
comment:  flash
comment:  camera
comment:  capture
comment:  video
comment:  camera
comment:  camera
comment:  capture
comment:  capture
comment:  capture
comment:  capture


cluster  18 :
comment:  amazing
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  amazing
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  amazing
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  amazing
comment:  wonderful
comment:  fantastic
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  fantastic
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful


cluster  19 :
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  pic
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo


cluster  20 :
comment:  lot
comment:  decent
comment:  stuff
comment:  easy
comment:  lot
comment:  hard
comment:  lot
comment:  easy
comment:  lot
comment:  lot
comment:  stuff
comment:  sort
comment:  lot
comment:  hard
comment:  bit
comment:  bit
comment:  bit
comment:  bad
comment:  bit
comment:  hard
comment:  hard
comment:  big
comment:  sense
comment:  hand
comment:  hand
comment:  big
comment:  sort


cluster  21 :
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good


cluster  22 :
comment:  select
comment:  select
comment:  select
comment:  select
comment:  select
comment:  select


cluster  23 :
comment:  safety
comment:  daily
comment:  daily
comment:  contribution
comment:  contribution
comment:  previously
comment:  compare
comment:  professional
comment:  project
comment:  project
comment:  contribution
comment:  contribution
comment:  contact
comment:  active
comment:  contribution
comment:  travel
comment:  compare
comment:  daily
comment:  daily
comment:  daily
comment:  refer


cluster  24 :
comment:  wel
comment:  haaa
comment:  wel
comment:  grrrr
comment:  pitty
comment:  weren
comment:  wel
comment:  woow
comment:  weren
comment:  weren
comment:  ooooh
comment:  woow


cluster  25 :
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work


cluster  26 :
comment:  choice
comment:  choice
comment:  choice
comment:  choice
comment:  choice
comment:  choice
comment:  choice
comment:  choice
comment:  choice
comment:  choice
comment:  choice
comment:  choice
comment:  choice
comment:  choice
comment:  choice
comment:  choice
comment:  choice
comment:  choice
comment:  choice
comment:  choice
comment:  choice
comment:  choice
comment:  choice
comment:  choice
comment:  choice
comment:  choice
comment:  choice
comment:  choice


cluster  27 :
comment:  beutiful
comment:  minimalistic
comment:  soothing
comment:  soothing
comment:  blissful
comment:  dreamy
comment:  sublime
comment:  silky
comment:  masterful
comment:  unreal


cluster  28 :
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share


cluster  29 :
comment:  shoot
comment:  shoot
comment:  shot
comment:  shot
comment:  shoot
comment:  shot
comment:  shot
comment:  shot
comment:  shoot
comment:  shoot
comment:  shoot
comment:  shot
comment:  shoot
comment:  shoot
comment:  scene
comment:  shoot
comment:  shoot
comment:  scene
comment:  shoot
comment:  shot
comment:  shot
comment:  shot


cluster  30 :
comment:  excellent
comment:  excellent
comment:  excellent
comment:  excellent
comment:  excellent
comment:  excellent
comment:  outstanding
comment:  excellent
comment:  excellent
comment:  excellent
comment:  excellent
comment:  excellent
comment:  excellent
comment:  excellent
comment:  excellent
comment:  excellent
comment:  excellent


cluster  31 :
CAPTION: beach
comment:  ocean
comment:  sunset
comment:  moon
comment:  landscape
comment:  grand
comment:  landscape
comment:  landscape
comment:  lake
comment:  mountain
comment:  haven
comment:  haven
comment:  haven
comment:  grand
comment:  sunrise
comment:  sky
comment:  sunrise
comment:  lake
comment:  landscape
comment:  landscape
comment:  landscape
beach 	0.41761318


cluster  32 :
comment:  uh
comment:  sister
comment:  cousin
comment:  jealous
comment:  birthday
comment:  wonderfull
comment:  sister


cluster  33 :
comment:  lol
comment:  lol
comment:  funny
comment:  yeah
comment:  yeah
comment:  oh
comment:  hey
comment:  lol
comment:  hey
comment:  wow
comment:  wow
comment:  hey
comment:  hey
comment:  wow
comment:  yep


cluster  34 :
comment:  crap
comment:  tough
comment:  hang
comment:  picking
comment:  stick
comment:  assume
comment:  catch
comment:  tough
comment:  pick
comment:  run
comment:  catch
comment:  pick
comment:  trouble
comment:  drop
comment:  lose
comment:  excuse
comment:  stop
comment:  pick
comment:  twice
comment:  sooner
comment:  thankfully
comment:  sit
comment:  stuck
comment:  assume


cluster  35 :
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love


cluster  36 :
comment:  thing
comment:  thing
comment:  definitely
comment:  kind
comment:  thing
comment:  thing
comment:  kind
comment:  kind
comment:  way
comment:  thing
comment:  actually
comment:  kind
comment:  thing
comment:  thing
comment:  imagine
comment:  maybe
comment:  kind
comment:  thing
comment:  thing
comment:  thing
comment:  kind
comment:  better
comment:  thing
comment:  way


cluster  37 :
comment:  day
comment:  day
comment:  day
comment:  day
comment:  day
comment:  day
comment:  day
comment:  day
comment:  day


cluster  38 :
comment:  meg
comment:  meg
comment:  sen
comment:  foto
comment:  singh
comment:  singh
comment:  lima
comment:  ada
comment:  ada
comment:  foto
comment:  singh


cluster  39 :
comment:  submission
comment:  submit
comment:  editor
comment:  submit
comment:  submission
comment:  submission
comment:  submission
comment:  editor
comment:  submission
comment:  submission
comment:  editor
comment:  submission


cluster  40 :
comment:  depend
comment:  quickly
comment:  result
comment:  general
comment:  usually
comment:  accomplish
comment:  result
comment:  effect
comment:  create
comment:  second
comment:  allow
comment:  handle
comment:  appropriate
comment:  use
comment:  quickly
comment:  advantage
comment:  interest
comment:  interest
comment:  specific
comment:  particular
comment:  business
comment:  business
comment:  produce
comment:  present
comment:  recognize
comment:  process
comment:  advantage


cluster  41 :
comment:  sandra
comment:  sandra
comment:  kurt
comment:  harvey
comment:  kurt
comment:  dylan
comment:  dylan
comment:  sandra
comment:  dylan
comment:  dylan
comment:  angela
comment:  angela
comment:  dennis
comment:  dennis
comment:  nancy
comment:  nina
comment:  hugh
comment:  hugh
comment:  dylan
comment:  mitchell
comment:  shawn
comment:  shawn
comment:  andrea
comment:  andrea
comment:  nathan
comment:  nathan
comment:  carey
comment:  maria
comment:  joan
comment:  joan
comment:  nancy
comment:  carey
comment:  dylan
comment:  dylan
comment:  sandra
comment:  barbara
comment:  cindy
comment:  dylan
comment:  shawn
comment:  shawn
comment:  carey
comment:  nina
comment:  nina
comment:  carey
comment:  sandra
comment:  hugh
comment:  nancy
comment:  sandra


cluster  42 :
comment:  course
comment:  course
comment:  long
comment:  close
comment:  long
comment:  long
comment:  course
comment:  usual
comment:  close
comment:  point
comment:  despite
comment:  past
comment:  couple
comment:  possible
comment:  long
comment:  life
comment:  different
comment:  familiar
comment:  past
comment:  place
comment:  place
comment:  long
comment:  life


cluster  43 :
comment:  check
comment:  follow
comment:  follow
comment:  post
comment:  check
comment:  post
comment:  check
comment:  comment
comment:  opinion
comment:  explain
comment:  send
comment:  post
comment:  opinion
comment:  post
comment:  post
comment:  post
comment:  read
comment:  follow
comment:  follow
comment:  follow
comment:  notice


cluster  44 :
comment:  color
comment:  colour
comment:  colour
comment:  color
comment:  color
comment:  color
comment:  color
comment:  color
comment:  color
comment:  white
comment:  color
comment:  color
comment:  color
comment:  color
comment:  colour
comment:  color
comment:  color
comment:  color
comment:  color
comment:  color
comment:  colour


cluster  45 :
comment:  weekend
comment:  tonight
comment:  weekend
comment:  trip
comment:  year
comment:  late
comment:  week
comment:  month
comment:  evening
comment:  week
comment:  weekend
comment:  early
comment:  week
comment:  night
comment:  morning
comment:  week
comment:  later
comment:  year
comment:  morning
comment:  night
comment:  month
comment:  weekend
comment:  week
comment:  ride
comment:  weekend
comment:  evening
comment:  year
comment:  weekend


cluster  46 :
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  cool
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  cool
comment:  cool
comment:  awesome
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  awesome
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  cool
comment:  nice
comment:  cool
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  awesome
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice


cluster  47 :
comment:  compliment
comment:  fine
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment
comment:  nicely
comment:  incredibly
comment:  pleasure
comment:  compliment
comment:  fine
comment:  compliment
comment:  pleasant
comment:  compliment
comment:  warm
comment:  incredibly
comment:  perfectly
comment:  sweet
comment:  nicely


cluster  48 :
comment:  yoga
comment:  outing
comment:  swell
comment:  feast
comment:  hiking
comment:  hike
comment:  outing
comment:  fruitful
comment:  breakfast
comment:  keeper
comment:  chilly
comment:  hike
comment:  mile


cluster  49 :
comment:  sure
comment:  let
comment:  know
comment:  want
comment:  want
comment:  sure
comment:  sure
comment:  let
comment:  let
comment:  know
comment:  know
comment:  let
comment:  know
comment:  sure
comment:  know
comment:  know
comment:  sure
comment:  forget
comment:  sure
comment:  know
comment:  sure
comment:  sure
comment:  let
comment:  sure
comment:  let
comment:  know
comment:  think
comment:  sure
comment:  let
comment:  sure
comment:  know
comment:  want
comment:  want


cluster  50 :
comment:  catharine
comment:  annick
comment:  annick
comment:  annick
comment:  bakker
comment:  prout
comment:  christer
comment:  chandrika
comment:  lundgren
comment:  krzysztof
comment:  marilou
comment:  marilou
comment:  krzysztof
comment:  tamura
comment:  munford
comment:  magico
comment:  pety
comment:  pety
comment:  mamo
comment:  mamo
comment:  catharine
comment:  wilfried
comment:  catharine
comment:  weimer
comment:  catharine
comment:  weimer
comment:  annick
comment:  weimer
comment:  rodolfo
comment:  rodolfo
comment:  pelaez


cluster  51 :
comment:  winter
comment:  spring
comment:  weather
comment:  snow
comment:  season
comment:  wet
comment:  winter
comment:  winter
comment:  weather
comment:  spring
comment:  sunny
comment:  weather
comment:  winter
comment:  rainy
comment:  spring
comment:  rain
comment:  rain
comment:  holiday
comment:  sunny
comment:  winter
comment:  sun
comment:  winter
comment:  sunny
comment:  winter
comment:  snow


cluster  52 :
comment:  guy
comment:  agree
comment:  guess
comment:  luck
comment:  wait
comment:  yes
comment:  hear
comment:  yes
comment:  yes
comment:  guy
comment:  miss
comment:  sorry
comment:  okay
comment:  yes
comment:  yes
comment:  anymore
comment:  hear
comment:  hear
comment:  guess
comment:  lucky
comment:  luck
comment:  suppose
comment:  yes
comment:  luck
comment:  yes


cluster  53 :
comment:  list
comment:  date
comment:  schedule
comment:  date
comment:  title
comment:  tag
comment:  title
comment:  date
comment:  date


cluster  54 :
comment:  tom
comment:  tom
comment:  kelly
comment:  kelly
comment:  michael
comment:  david
comment:  david
comment:  peter
comment:  scott
comment:  tom
comment:  tom
comment:  jim
comment:  jim
comment:  george
comment:  george
comment:  david
comment:  john
comment:  john
comment:  peter
comment:  michael
comment:  michael
comment:  george
comment:  george
comment:  michael
comment:  tom


cluster  55 :
comment:  exquisite
comment:  impressive
comment:  stunning
comment:  beauty
comment:  superb
comment:  marvelous
comment:  wonderfully
comment:  stunning
comment:  superb
comment:  wonderfully
comment:  beautifully
comment:  beautifully
comment:  delightful
comment:  elegant
comment:  stunning
comment:  superb
comment:  magnificent
comment:  stunning
comment:  beautifully
comment:  splendid
comment:  stunning
comment:  stunning
comment:  exquisite
comment:  magnificent


cluster  56 :
comment:  look
comment:  look
comment:  look
comment:  look
comment:  look
comment:  look
comment:  look
comment:  look
comment:  look
comment:  look


cluster  57 :
comment:  time
comment:  time
comment:  time
comment:  time
comment:  time
comment:  time
comment:  time
comment:  time
comment:  time
comment:  time
comment:  time
comment:  time
comment:  time
comment:  time
comment:  time
comment:  time
comment:  time
comment:  time


cluster  58 :
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  feel
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  feel
comment:  feel
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  feel
comment:  feel
comment:  like


cluster  59 :
comment:  collection
comment:  collection
comment:  jewelry
comment:  collection
comment:  collection


cluster  60 :
comment:  page
comment:  page
comment:  page
comment:  page
comment:  page
comment:  page
comment:  site
comment:  page
comment:  page
comment:  page
comment:  page
comment:  page


cluster  61 :
comment:  subtle
comment:  tone
comment:  perfection
comment:  perfection
comment:  subtle
comment:  balanced
comment:  smooth
comment:  tone
comment:  subtle
comment:  gentle
comment:  pure
comment:  perfection


cluster  62 :
comment:  hah
comment:  ah
comment:  ha
comment:  king
comment:  oooh
comment:  lo
comment:  ow
comment:  ve
comment:  da
comment:  follower
comment:  stil
comment:  ve


cluster  63 :
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great


cluster  64 :
comment:  busy
comment:  busy
comment:  busy
comment:  spend
comment:  busy
comment:  busy
comment:  busy
comment:  busy


cluster  65 :
comment:  quel
comment:  les
comment:  sont
comment:  dank
comment:  je
comment:  ein
comment:  ver
comment:  dank
comment:  je
comment:  travail
comment:  aime
comment:  wie
comment:  bel


cluster  66 :
comment:  van
comment:  van
comment:  van
comment:  van
comment:  van
comment:  van
comment:  van


cluster  67 :
comment:  picture
comment:  picture
comment:  picture
comment:  picture
comment:  picture


cluster  68 :
comment:  gallup
comment:  forsyth
comment:  koontz
comment:  forsyth
comment:  koontz
comment:  beverley
comment:  beverley
comment:  forsyth
comment:  forsyth
comment:  koontz


cluster  69 :
comment:  louis
comment:  scotland
comment:  england
comment:  scotland
comment:  ireland
comment:  ireland
comment:  scotland
comment:  ireland
comment:  louis


cluster  70 :
comment:  btp
comment:  btp
comment:  aporta
comment:  btp
comment:  btp
comment:  btp
comment:  btp
comment:  btp


cluster  71 :
comment:  fabrizio
comment:  matthias
comment:  beatriz
comment:  mikko
comment:  mikko
comment:  matthias
comment:  matthias
comment:  cesare
comment:  ingo
comment:  nikola
comment:  nikola
comment:  hiroshi
comment:  duarte
comment:  fabrizio
comment:  ranjit
comment:  didier
comment:  didier
comment:  magda
comment:  christa
comment:  christa
comment:  philipp
comment:  philipp
comment:  philipp
comment:  ferreira


cluster  72 :
comment:  include
comment:  include
comment:  include
comment:  include
comment:  include
comment:  include


cluster  73 :
comment:  safe
comment:  sound
comment:  large
comment:  high
comment:  sound
comment:  deep
comment:  space
comment:  fit
comment:  water
comment:  clean
comment:  water
comment:  tricky
comment:  high
comment:  fresh
comment:  drive
comment:  track
comment:  quiet
comment:  sound
comment:  finish
comment:  old
comment:  large
comment:  deep


cluster  74 :
comment:  dharani
comment:  paysage
comment:  couleurs
comment:  prachtige
comment:  swanepoel
comment:  chapeau
comment:  jav
comment:  realmente
comment:  existe
comment:  rie
comment:  nge
comment:  geht
comment:  hyou
comment:  realmente
comment:  magnifica


cluster  75 :
comment:  hope
comment:  hope
comment:  hope
comment:  happy
comment:  remember
comment:  hope
comment:  hope
comment:  wish
comment:  hope
comment:  hope
comment:  happy
comment:  wish
comment:  happy
comment:  hope
comment:  hope
comment:  hope
comment:  remember
comment:  hopefully
comment:  hopefully
comment:  hope
comment:  remember
comment:  happy
comment:  hope
comment:  remember
comment:  hope
comment:  remember


cluster  76 :
comment:  seascape
comment:  costa
comment:  switzerland
comment:  switzerland
comment:  costa
comment:  nikon
comment:  alps
comment:  switzerland
comment:  ukraine


cluster  77 :
CAPTION: boat
comment:  hop
comment:  chicken
comment:  corner
comment:  mark
comment:  amateur
comment:  pro
comment:  street
comment:  chicken
comment:  dog
comment:  finger
comment:  cross
comment:  slip
comment:  dog
comment:  club
comment:  mark
comment:  cross
comment:  hop
comment:  bike
comment:  free
boat 	0.26407266


cluster  78 :
comment:  tran
comment:  dempsey
comment:  yasmin
comment:  tran
comment:  aamir
comment:  aamir
comment:  kamal
comment:  zurich
comment:  athena
comment:  dempsey
comment:  athena
comment:  yasmin
comment:  yasmin
comment:  alf
comment:  bild
comment:  aston
comment:  athena
comment:  dirk
comment:  dirk
comment:  guinness
comment:  athena
comment:  lund
comment:  schweiz
comment:  ganesh
comment:  dempsey
comment:  enzo
comment:  ros
comment:  kamal


cluster  79 :
comment:  welcome
comment:  friend
comment:  friend
comment:  dear
comment:  excited
comment:  welcome
comment:  welcome
comment:  welcome
comment:  friend
comment:  welcome
comment:  welcome


cluster  80 :
comment:  meet
comment:  rewarding
comment:  inspire
comment:  talent
comment:  worthy
comment:  eager
comment:  talent
comment:  meet
comment:  promise


cluster  81 :
comment:  jury
comment:  approve
comment:  bill
comment:  vote
comment:  bill
comment:  approve
comment:  approve
comment:  vote
comment:  approve
comment:  vote
comment:  approve
comment:  approve
comment:  approve


cluster  82 :
comment:  soothe
comment:  headache
comment:  headache
comment:  headache
comment:  temp
comment:  workday
comment:  headache
comment:  heal


cluster  83 :
comment:  add
comment:  book
comment:  future
comment:  world
comment:  country
comment:  special
comment:  future
comment:  new
comment:  new
comment:  future
comment:  plan
comment:  plan
comment:  new
comment:  add
comment:  book


cluster  84 :
comment:  fabulous
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  lovely
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful


cluster  85 :
comment:  compose
comment:  compose
comment:  composition
comment:  composition
comment:  composition
comment:  composition
comment:  compose


cluster  86 :
comment:  forward
comment:  help
comment:  forward
comment:  help
comment:  effort
comment:  forward
comment:  forward
comment:  forward


cluster  87 :
comment:  light
comment:  reflection
comment:  eye
comment:  eye
comment:  eye
comment:  reflection
comment:  eye
comment:  reflection
comment:  light
comment:  eye


cluster  88 :
comment:  flexible
comment:  size
comment:  processing
comment:  exposure
comment:  type
comment:  exposure
comment:  frame
comment:  input
comment:  size
comment:  exposure
comment:  comparable
comment:  external
comment:  base
comment:  system
comment:  base
comment:  system
comment:  construction
comment:  exposure
comment:  mode
comment:  size


cluster  89 :
comment:  ferguson
comment:  rita
comment:  mitch
comment:  randall
comment:  randall
comment:  levi
comment:  jeffrey
comment:  pablo
comment:  margaret
comment:  karl
comment:  deborah
comment:  deborah
comment:  deborah
comment:  deborah
comment:  ferguson
comment:  enrique
comment:  karl


cluster  90 :
comment:  word
comment:  word
comment:  word
comment:  word
comment:  word
comment:  silly
comment:  sign
comment:  word
comment:  man
comment:  smart


cluster  91 :
CAPTION: view
CAPTION: background
comment:  highlight
comment:  view
comment:  location
comment:  selection
comment:  theme
comment:  style
comment:  theme
comment:  theme
comment:  theme
comment:  design
comment:  selection
comment:  highlight
comment:  view
comment:  theme
view 	0.407671889024
background 	0.4024118


cluster  92 :
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image


cluster  93 :
comment:  sir
comment:  reply
comment:  google
comment:  sir
comment:  friday
comment:  google
comment:  facebook
comment:  sir
comment:  sir
comment:  friday
comment:  twitter


cluster  94 :
comment:  rust
comment:  stream
comment:  shield
comment:  cloud
comment:  cloud
comment:  mirror
comment:  nut
comment:  stream
comment:  angle
comment:  motion
comment:  mirror
comment:  gold
comment:  unfinished
comment:  unfinished
comment:  stream


cluster  95 :
comment:  pretty
comment:  pretty
comment:  fun
comment:  pretty
comment:  little
comment:  fun
comment:  pretty
comment:  pretty


cluster  96 :
comment:  congrat
comment:  merci
comment:  beaucoup
comment:  merci
comment:  beaucoup
comment:  merci
comment:  beaucoup


cluster  97 :
comment:  pristine
comment:  tranquil
comment:  peaceful
comment:  tranquility
comment:  relaxing
comment:  serene
comment:  peaceful
comment:  serene
comment:  peaceful
comment:  serene
comment:  tranquil
comment:  ambiance


cluster  98 :
comment:  www
comment:  pr
comment:  pinterest
comment:  mania
comment:  www
comment:  com


cluster  99 :
comment:  gradient
comment:  watermark
comment:  watermark
comment:  gradation
comment:  watermark

101373961279443806744.5959508806844402066
a person on a snowboard in the snow 

matrix comment dim (1812, 1812)


cluster  0 :
comment:  goodness
comment:  jealous
comment:  awhile
comment:  sweet
comment:  buddy
comment:  hug
comment:  sister
comment:  silly
comment:  man
comment:  sing
comment:  tired
comment:  smile
comment:  hug
comment:  man
comment:  sister
comment:  heaven


cluster  1 :
comment:  andreas
comment:  andreas
comment:  wong
comment:  hoho
comment:  singh
comment:  meg
comment:  meg
comment:  enrique
comment:  kumar
comment:  silva
comment:  singh
comment:  sen


cluster  2 :
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg


cluster  3 :
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan


cluster  4 :
comment:  happy
comment:  happy
comment:  happy
comment:  happy
comment:  happy
comment:  happy
comment:  happy
comment:  happy
comment:  happy
comment:  happy
comment:  happy
comment:  happy
comment:  happy
comment:  happy
comment:  happy
comment:  happy
comment:  happy
comment:  happy
comment:  happy
comment:  happy
comment:  happy
comment:  happy
comment:  happy
comment:  happy
comment:  happy
comment:  happy
comment:  happy
comment:  happy
comment:  happy
comment:  happy
comment:  happy


cluster  5 :
comment:  cadoret
comment:  cadoret
comment:  cadoret
comment:  cadoret
comment:  cadoret
comment:  cadoret
comment:  cadoret


cluster  6 :
comment:  hallie
comment:  guilfoyle
comment:  javed
comment:  shahzad
comment:  tompkins
comment:  kamil
comment:  mcclure
comment:  oksana
comment:  mikko
comment:  leyla
comment:  roberson
comment:  leyla
comment:  gunderson
comment:  gruber
comment:  mady
comment:  mady
comment:  hallie
comment:  guilfoyle
comment:  gruber
comment:  mamo
comment:  mamo
comment:  lundgren
comment:  griggs
comment:  hilbert
comment:  mady
comment:  athene
comment:  ohara
comment:  kamil


cluster  7 :
comment:  layered
comment:  coat
comment:  soft
comment:  mint
comment:  dull
comment:  wood
comment:  crispy


cluster  8 :
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thanks
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank


cluster  9 :
comment:  gorgeous
comment:  gorgeous
comment:  gorgeous
comment:  marvelous
comment:  gorgeous
comment:  gorgeous
comment:  gorgeous
comment:  gorgeous
comment:  gorgeous
comment:  gorgeous
comment:  gorgeous
comment:  gorgeous
comment:  gorgeous
comment:  gorgeous
comment:  gorgeous


cluster  10 :
comment:  merry
comment:  merry
comment:  merry
comment:  merry
comment:  merry
comment:  merry
comment:  merry
comment:  merry
comment:  merry
comment:  merry
comment:  merry
comment:  merry
comment:  merry
comment:  merry
comment:  merry
comment:  merry
comment:  merry
comment:  merry
comment:  merry
comment:  merry
comment:  merry
comment:  merry
comment:  merry
comment:  merry
comment:  merry
comment:  merry
comment:  merry
comment:  merry
comment:  merry
comment:  merry


cluster  11 :
comment:  view
comment:  view
comment:  view
comment:  view
comment:  view
comment:  view
comment:  view
comment:  view
comment:  view
comment:  view
comment:  view
comment:  view


cluster  12 :
comment:  shawn
comment:  shawn
comment:  stephen
comment:  ian
comment:  nina
comment:  anthony
comment:  nina
comment:  joan
comment:  kurt
comment:  harvey
comment:  kurt
comment:  angela
comment:  angela
comment:  angela
comment:  angela
comment:  carey


cluster  13 :
comment:  year
comment:  year
comment:  year
comment:  season
comment:  year
comment:  year
comment:  year
comment:  year
comment:  year
comment:  year
comment:  year
comment:  year
comment:  year
comment:  year
comment:  year
comment:  year
comment:  year
comment:  year
comment:  year
comment:  year
comment:  year
comment:  year
comment:  year
comment:  year
comment:  year
comment:  year
comment:  year


cluster  14 :
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  fantastic
comment:  amazing
comment:  wonderful
comment:  fantastic
comment:  wonderful
comment:  fantastic
comment:  fantastic
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  amazing
comment:  fantastic
comment:  amazing
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  amazing
comment:  wonderful
comment:  amazing
comment:  fantastic
comment:  wonderful


cluster  15 :
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good


cluster  16 :
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share


cluster  17 :
comment:  live
comment:  high
comment:  middle
comment:  world
comment:  live
comment:  huge
comment:  high
comment:  fresh
comment:  live
comment:  walk
comment:  creative
comment:  bunch
comment:  fresh
comment:  catch
comment:  sight
comment:  live


cluster  18 :
comment:  away
comment:  try
comment:  away
comment:  try
comment:  away
comment:  place
comment:  exactly
comment:  come
comment:  simply
comment:  place
comment:  bit
comment:  bit
comment:  bad
comment:  big
comment:  simply
comment:  far
comment:  place
comment:  start
comment:  lot
comment:  come
comment:  soon
comment:  moment
comment:  lot
comment:  right
comment:  place
comment:  simply
comment:  fact
comment:  mean
comment:  place
comment:  far
comment:  find
comment:  lot
comment:  far
comment:  stuff
comment:  soon
comment:  need
comment:  leave
comment:  lot
comment:  right
comment:  moment
comment:  hard


cluster  19 :
comment:  mountain
comment:  north
comment:  mountain
comment:  lake
comment:  mountain
comment:  mountain
comment:  mountain
comment:  sea
comment:  mountain
comment:  mountain
comment:  mountain
comment:  mountain
comment:  snowy
comment:  ski
comment:  mountain
comment:  mountain
comment:  mountain
comment:  ski
comment:  mountain
comment:  mountain
comment:  lake


cluster  20 :
comment:  ik
comment:  het
comment:  nu
comment:  ich
comment:  je
comment:  ik
comment:  je
comment:  ze
comment:  ne
comment:  pas
comment:  nog
comment:  foto
comment:  je
comment:  wel
comment:  wel
comment:  een
comment:  je
comment:  ik


cluster  21 :
comment:  combine
comment:  contribution
comment:  powerful
comment:  quality
comment:  highlight
comment:  large
comment:  professional
comment:  direction
comment:  successful
comment:  professional
comment:  area
comment:  highlight
comment:  large
comment:  vision


cluster  22 :
CAPTION: snow
comment:  winter
comment:  winter
comment:  cold
comment:  winter
comment:  winter
comment:  snow
comment:  winter
comment:  snow
comment:  winter
comment:  snow
comment:  snow
comment:  snow
comment:  winter
comment:  winter
comment:  snow
comment:  cold
comment:  winter
comment:  snow
comment:  snow
comment:  winter
comment:  winter
comment:  snow
comment:  winter
comment:  snow
comment:  winter
comment:  winter
snow 	0.837627571363


cluster  23 :
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  picture
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  pic
comment:  photo
comment:  picture
comment:  picture
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo


cluster  24 :
comment:  hqsp
comment:  rimovska
comment:  daugaard
comment:  vielmal
comment:  gleichfall
comment:  nikolski
comment:  begrijp
comment:  nsche
comment:  dir
comment:  festtage
comment:  kreise
comment:  youtu
comment:  hfwtcu
comment:  dolny
comment:  haferland
comment:  djemor
comment:  sabajo
comment:  showyourbestwork
comment:  brittarogge
comment:  rivarola
comment:  gevangen
comment:  jany
comment:  viala
comment:  landscapephotography
comment:  tyllinen
comment:  familyi
comment:  aballe
comment:  muraz
comment:  ejh
comment:  hadegda
comment:  ignatova
comment:  et
comment:  jany
comment:  viala
comment:  conciousness
comment:  lella
comment:  tompkin
comment:  winterscape
comment:  hqsp
comment:  besttopphotographer
comment:  bouriat
comment:  landsmann
comment:  jany
comment:  viala
comment:  dhern
comment:  astn
comment:  jarmila
comment:  noskova
comment:  rikard
comment:  lindby
comment:  rikard
comment:  menefee
comment:  westerhout
comment:  schitterend
comment:  tompkin
comment:  rousher
comment:  esguerra
comment:  landscapephotography
comment:  showyourbestwork
comment:  grzegorz
comment:  piechowicz
comment:  grzegorz
comment:  ryndak
comment:  delpero
comment:  sandidge
comment:  henni
comment:  tenhunen
comment:  mossbacher
comment:  taconn
comment:  jaquillard
comment:  henni
comment:  tenhunen
comment:  versaci
comment:  itthank
comment:  decaluwe
comment:  onehundreddollar
comment:  henni
comment:  tenhunen
comment:  showyourbestwork
comment:  jaquillard
comment:  naghmeh
comment:  khadembashi
comment:  naghmeh
comment:  authorize
comment:  artistphtographeramateurorprofessional
comment:  jany
comment:  viala
comment:  kralicek
comment:  parmeeva
comment:  jajja
comment:  turkowski
comment:  kerstdagen
comment:  gewenst
comment:  muraz
comment:  anatoliy
comment:  urbanskiy
comment:  anatoliy
comment:  delcour
comment:  breathtak
comment:  manousos
comment:  buttgereit
comment:  azahar
comment:  dir
comment:  gewunscht
comment:  mutita
comment:  edibleart
comment:  proyou
comment:  besttopphotographer
comment:  daugaard
comment:  spenner
comment:  muraz
comment:  lakescap
comment:  dolny
comment:  jorunn
comment:  gudlaugsdottir
comment:  landscapephotography
comment:  bjarte
comment:  wergedahl
comment:  bjarte
comment:  gittan
comment:  beheydt
comment:  gittan


cluster  25 :
comment:  christmas
comment:  christmas
comment:  christmas
comment:  christmas
comment:  christmas
comment:  christmas
comment:  xmas
comment:  christmas
comment:  christmas
comment:  christmas
comment:  xmas
comment:  christmas
comment:  christmas
comment:  christmas
comment:  christmas
comment:  christmas
comment:  christmas
comment:  christmas
comment:  christmas
comment:  christmas
comment:  christmas
comment:  christmas
comment:  christmas
comment:  xmas
comment:  christmas
comment:  christmas
comment:  christmas
comment:  christmas
comment:  christmas
comment:  christmas
comment:  christmas
comment:  christmas
comment:  christmas
comment:  christmas
comment:  christmas
comment:  christmas
comment:  christmas
comment:  christmas


cluster  26 :
comment:  wow
comment:  ok
comment:  lol
comment:  wow
comment:  wow
comment:  hey
comment:  wow
comment:  wow
comment:  lol
comment:  yep
comment:  btw
comment:  yep
comment:  wow
comment:  ok
comment:  btw
comment:  haha
comment:  haha
comment:  oh
comment:  btw
comment:  god
comment:  hmmm
comment:  wow


cluster  27 :
comment:  enjoy
comment:  enjoy
comment:  enjoy
comment:  pleasure
comment:  enjoy
comment:  enjoy
comment:  pleasure
comment:  enjoy
comment:  enjoy
comment:  enjoy
comment:  enjoy
comment:  enjoy
comment:  enjoy
comment:  enjoy
comment:  fun
comment:  enjoy
comment:  enjoy
comment:  enjoy
comment:  enjoy
comment:  enjoy
comment:  enjoy
comment:  enjoy
comment:  enjoy
comment:  enjoy
comment:  enjoy
comment:  enjoy
comment:  pleasure
comment:  enjoy
comment:  enjoy


cluster  28 :
comment:  junge
comment:  wekend
comment:  fyne
comment:  sach
comment:  swanepoel
comment:  pluss
comment:  kr
comment:  noce
comment:  rok
comment:  frei
comment:  sach
comment:  edelweiss
comment:  wird
comment:  junge


cluster  29 :
comment:  pro
comment:  amateur
comment:  vista
comment:  king
comment:  marina
comment:  hunter
comment:  king
comment:  amateur
comment:  wonderland


cluster  30 :
comment:  michael
comment:  michael
comment:  john
comment:  john
comment:  michael
comment:  michael
comment:  david
comment:  david
comment:  michael
comment:  michael
comment:  david
comment:  david
comment:  michael
comment:  michael
comment:  michael
comment:  michael


cluster  31 :
comment:  holiday
comment:  holiday
comment:  holiday
comment:  holiday
comment:  holiday
comment:  holiday
comment:  holiday
comment:  holiday
comment:  holiday
comment:  holiday
comment:  holiday
comment:  holiday
comment:  holiday
comment:  holiday
comment:  holiday
comment:  holiday
comment:  holiday
comment:  holiday
comment:  holiday
comment:  holiday


cluster  32 :
comment:  wish
comment:  wish
comment:  hope
comment:  wish
comment:  hope
comment:  wish
comment:  wish
comment:  wish
comment:  wish
comment:  wish
comment:  hope
comment:  wish
comment:  wish
comment:  hope
comment:  hope
comment:  wish
comment:  wish
comment:  wish
comment:  wish
comment:  hope
comment:  wish
comment:  hope
comment:  hope
comment:  hope
comment:  hope
comment:  hope
comment:  wish
comment:  wish
comment:  wish
comment:  hope
comment:  hope
comment:  wish
comment:  wish
comment:  wish


cluster  33 :
comment:  suzie
comment:  suzie
comment:  annette
comment:  annette
comment:  levi
comment:  nadine
comment:  andi
comment:  greta
comment:  gemma
comment:  gemma
comment:  michel
comment:  michel
comment:  elena
comment:  dirk
comment:  daryl
comment:  dominique
comment:  dominique
comment:  berg
comment:  dirk
comment:  annette
comment:  abdul
comment:  fletcher


cluster  34 :
comment:  shot
comment:  shot
comment:  shot
comment:  scene
comment:  shot
comment:  shot
comment:  shot
comment:  shot
comment:  shot
comment:  scene
comment:  shot
comment:  shot
comment:  shot
comment:  scene
comment:  shot
comment:  scene
comment:  shoot
comment:  shot
comment:  shot


cluster  35 :
comment:  new
comment:  new
comment:  new
comment:  new
comment:  new
comment:  new
comment:  new
comment:  new
comment:  new
comment:  new
comment:  new
comment:  new
comment:  new
comment:  new
comment:  new
comment:  new
comment:  new
comment:  new
comment:  new
comment:  new
comment:  new
comment:  new
comment:  new
comment:  new


cluster  36 :
comment:  terrific
comment:  excellent
comment:  excellent
comment:  incredible
comment:  excellent
comment:  superb
comment:  excellent
comment:  excellent


cluster  37 :
comment:  bonus
comment:  wound
comment:  minor
comment:  dose
comment:  double
comment:  podium
comment:  cap
comment:  leg
comment:  shield
comment:  glove
comment:  tip
comment:  tip
comment:  dive
comment:  type
comment:  load


cluster  38 :
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment
comment:  talented
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment


cluster  39 :
comment:  capture
comment:  capture
comment:  capture
comment:  capture
comment:  capture
comment:  capture
comment:  capture
comment:  capture
comment:  capture
comment:  capture
comment:  capture
comment:  capture
comment:  capture


cluster  40 :
comment:  journal
comment:  offline
comment:  editor
comment:  editor
comment:  pm
comment:  editor


cluster  41 :
comment:  feast
comment:  calm
comment:  feast
comment:  pleasant
comment:  inspire
comment:  breakfast
comment:  laughter
comment:  friendly
comment:  mood
comment:  relaxing
comment:  relax
comment:  occasion
comment:  mood
comment:  celebrate


cluster  42 :
comment:  friend
comment:  friend
comment:  dear
comment:  friend
comment:  welcome
comment:  welcome
comment:  dear
comment:  friend
comment:  friend
comment:  friend
comment:  dear
comment:  friend
comment:  friend
comment:  dear
comment:  friend
comment:  friend
comment:  friend
comment:  friend
comment:  friend


cluster  43 :
comment:  landscape
comment:  landscape
comment:  landscape
comment:  landscape
comment:  landscape
comment:  landscape
comment:  landscape
comment:  landscape
comment:  landscape
comment:  landscape
comment:  landscape
comment:  landscape


cluster  44 :
CAPTION: snowboard
comment:  backcountry
comment:  elevation
comment:  province
comment:  cityscape
comment:  altitude
comment:  crispness
comment:  majestically
comment:  altitude
comment:  layer
comment:  formation
comment:  alpine
snowboard 	0.17471988


cluster  45 :
comment:  think
comment:  think
comment:  maybe
comment:  think
comment:  know
comment:  thing
comment:  want
comment:  want
comment:  forget
comment:  wonder
comment:  know
comment:  maybe
comment:  thought
comment:  think
comment:  think
comment:  sure
comment:  want
comment:  want
comment:  hopefully


cluster  46 :
comment:  tran
comment:  savoy
comment:  appalachian
comment:  cairn
comment:  savoy
comment:  yasmin
comment:  glas
comment:  yasmin
comment:  mont
comment:  blanc
comment:  massif
comment:  schweiz
comment:  sn
comment:  lt
comment:  hol
comment:  schweiz
comment:  savoy


cluster  47 :
comment:  magnificent
comment:  beautifully
comment:  spectacular
comment:  beauty
comment:  stunning
comment:  beauty
comment:  beautifully
comment:  stunning
comment:  beauty
comment:  spectacular
comment:  breathtaking
comment:  stunning
comment:  beauty
comment:  beauty
comment:  stunning
comment:  stunning
comment:  splendid


cluster  48 :
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  cool
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  cool
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  awesome
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  cool
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  awesome


cluster  49 :
comment:  miss
comment:  miss
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  miss
comment:  love
comment:  love


cluster  50 :
comment:  mendoza
comment:  nikola
comment:  nikola
comment:  marquardt
comment:  dempsey
comment:  dunne
comment:  koontz
comment:  thierry
comment:  thierry
comment:  dubois
comment:  markus
comment:  markus
comment:  sinead
comment:  anette
comment:  anette
comment:  anette
comment:  benoit
comment:  jansen
comment:  benoit
comment:  dubois
comment:  britta
comment:  britta
comment:  jone
comment:  dubois
comment:  tatiana
comment:  marquardt
comment:  athena
comment:  rowe
comment:  kyra
comment:  dempsey


cluster  51 :
comment:  page
comment:  page
comment:  page
comment:  page
comment:  profile
comment:  page
comment:  page
comment:  page
comment:  text
comment:  profile
comment:  page
comment:  page
comment:  page


cluster  52 :
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like


cluster  53 :
comment:  ralph
comment:  jean
comment:  jean
comment:  simpson
comment:  rosa
comment:  rosa
comment:  victor
comment:  jean
comment:  jean
comment:  davidson
comment:  betty
comment:  betty


cluster  54 :
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work


cluster  55 :
comment:  smid
comment:  deiner
comment:  smid
comment:  emmer
comment:  smid
comment:  smid
comment:  hiermit


cluster  56 :
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad


cluster  57 :
comment:  aamir
comment:  aamir
comment:  kamal
comment:  asif
comment:  vishal
comment:  vishal
comment:  kamal
comment:  kamal
comment:  sumit
comment:  sumit
comment:  khalid


cluster  58 :
comment:  photography
comment:  photography
comment:  photographer
comment:  photographer
comment:  artist
comment:  photographer
comment:  photography
comment:  artist
comment:  artist
comment:  photography
comment:  artist
comment:  photographer
comment:  photography
comment:  photographer
comment:  photography
comment:  photographer
comment:  photography
comment:  photography


cluster  59 :
comment:  yes
comment:  agree
comment:  sorry
comment:  hear
comment:  wait
comment:  yes
comment:  ask
comment:  everybody
comment:  yes
comment:  yes
comment:  yes
comment:  agree
comment:  yes
comment:  yes
comment:  hear
comment:  yes
comment:  luck


cluster  60 :
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  screen
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image


cluster  61 :
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great


cluster  62 :
comment:  driving
comment:  hour
comment:  drive
comment:  state
comment:  hour
comment:  worldwide
comment:  daily
comment:  daily
comment:  nearby
comment:  group
comment:  drive
comment:  daily
comment:  daily


cluster  63 :
comment:  margaret
comment:  margaret
comment:  margaret
comment:  shelly
comment:  shelly
comment:  margaret
comment:  sheila
comment:  margaret
comment:  margaret
comment:  deborah
comment:  sheila
comment:  patricia
comment:  sheila
comment:  sheila
comment:  deborah


cluster  64 :
comment:  day
comment:  day
comment:  time
comment:  day
comment:  time
comment:  time
comment:  weekend
comment:  time
comment:  time
comment:  time
comment:  day
comment:  time


cluster  65 :
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  fabulous
comment:  beautiful
comment:  lovely
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  perfect
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  lovely
comment:  lovely
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  perfect
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  perfect
comment:  beautiful


cluster  66 :
comment:  anna
comment:  anna
comment:  nancy
comment:  nicole
comment:  marie
comment:  nicole
comment:  michelle
comment:  michelle
comment:  marie
comment:  marie
comment:  anna
comment:  anna
comment:  marie
comment:  marie
comment:  marie
comment:  nancy
comment:  marie


cluster  67 :
comment:  plan
comment:  cut
comment:  stick
comment:  figure
comment:  add
comment:  worth
comment:  win
comment:  question
comment:  drop
comment:  question
comment:  run
comment:  allow
comment:  fill
comment:  change
comment:  win
comment:  word
comment:  similar
comment:  add
comment:  describe


cluster  68 :
comment:  white
comment:  till
comment:  fame
comment:  deep
comment:  eye
comment:  ultimate
comment:  body
comment:  tree
comment:  eye
comment:  perfection
comment:  tree
comment:  mark
comment:  mark
comment:  magic
comment:  pop
comment:  blue
comment:  sky
comment:  club
comment:  white
comment:  wear
comment:  magic
comment:  wet
comment:  white
comment:  killer
comment:  deep
comment:  dress
comment:  city
comment:  white


cluster  69 :
comment:  include
comment:  select
comment:  size
comment:  select
comment:  include
comment:  region
comment:  select
comment:  size
comment:  include
comment:  exposure


cluster  70 :
CAPTION: person
comment:  family
comment:  visit
comment:  honor
comment:  forward
comment:  follow
comment:  follow
comment:  post
comment:  follow
comment:  yesterday
comment:  family
comment:  forward
comment:  today
comment:  meet
comment:  visit
comment:  comment
comment:  meet
comment:  visit
comment:  check
comment:  forward
comment:  meet
comment:  family
comment:  follow
comment:  follow
comment:  check
comment:  family
person 	0.3571674


cluster  71 :
comment:  majestic
comment:  majesty
comment:  majestic
comment:  stunningly
comment:  scenery
comment:  scenery
comment:  expansive
comment:  breathtakingly
comment:  scenery
comment:  majestic
comment:  splendor
comment:  majestic
comment:  scenery


cluster  72 :
comment:  dank
comment:  beautyful
comment:  shiver
comment:  dank
comment:  dank
comment:  dank


cluster  73 :
comment:  sir
comment:  sir
comment:  sir
comment:  don
comment:  hi


cluster  74 :
comment:  niet
comment:  geweldig
comment:  niet
comment:  hoor
comment:  leuk
comment:  mooi
comment:  veel
comment:  mooi
comment:  jullie
comment:  mooi
comment:  mooi
comment:  mooie
comment:  lekker
comment:  auch


cluster  75 :
comment:  http
comment:  www
comment:  com
comment:  mania
comment:  nov
comment:  la
comment:  en
comment:  en
comment:  mania
comment:  es
comment:  van
comment:  www
comment:  com
comment:  ver


cluster  76 :
comment:  tom
comment:  tom
comment:  johnny
comment:  george
comment:  george
comment:  williams
comment:  sam
comment:  jones
comment:  brian
comment:  brian
comment:  richard
comment:  jim
comment:  jim
comment:  paul
comment:  paul
comment:  robin
comment:  robin
comment:  eric
comment:  eric
comment:  george
comment:  george
comment:  kevin
comment:  kevin
comment:  george
comment:  george
comment:  jerry
comment:  johnson
comment:  jerry


cluster  77 :
comment:  choice
comment:  different
comment:  experience
comment:  course
comment:  choice
comment:  course
comment:  favorite
comment:  best
comment:  fairly
comment:  choice
comment:  easy


cluster  78 :
comment:  theme
comment:  theme
comment:  theme
comment:  theme
comment:  theme
comment:  theme


cluster  79 :
comment:  gerda
comment:  wilfried
comment:  wilfried
comment:  gerda
comment:  deby
comment:  marilou
comment:  dalibor
comment:  dalibor
comment:  mckeown
comment:  munford
comment:  annick
comment:  reynaud
comment:  giorgi
comment:  nuages
comment:  rogge
comment:  annick
comment:  gerda
comment:  pelaez
comment:  gerda
comment:  jessen
comment:  qadir


cluster  80 :
comment:  look
comment:  look
comment:  little
comment:  look
comment:  look
comment:  look
comment:  little
comment:  look
comment:  look
comment:  look
comment:  little


cluster  81 :
comment:  absolutely
comment:  kind
comment:  better
comment:  way
comment:  especially
comment:  idea
comment:  absolutely
comment:  way
comment:  kind
comment:  absolutely
comment:  feel
comment:  definitely
comment:  way


cluster  82 :
comment:  france
comment:  ontario
comment:  toronto
comment:  york
comment:  canada
comment:  canada
comment:  bon
comment:  potter
comment:  heath
comment:  pa
comment:  costa
comment:  swiss
comment:  bon
comment:  switzerland
comment:  switzerland


cluster  83 :
comment:  inderdaad
comment:  geeft
comment:  frohe
comment:  lieben
comment:  feest
comment:  dagen
comment:  vindt
comment:  sneeuw
comment:  plezier
comment:  fijne
comment:  alvast
comment:  ligt
comment:  denk
comment:  hetzelfde


cluster  84 :
comment:  cloud
comment:  northern
comment:  cloud
comment:  cloud
comment:  cloud
comment:  uncertain
comment:  cloud


cluster  85 :
comment:  ho
comment:  dat
comment:  ho
comment:  ho
comment:  ho
comment:  ve
comment:  dat
comment:  ow
comment:  dat


cluster  86 :
comment:  tes
comment:  toi
comment:  aussi
comment:  tes
comment:  aime
comment:  des
comment:  superbe
comment:  bonne
comment:  tes
comment:  vos


cluster  87 :
comment:  portray
comment:  likewise
comment:  compose
comment:  likewise
comment:  composition
comment:  likewise
comment:  composition
comment:  doable


cluster  88 :
comment:  danke
comment:  merci
comment:  merci
comment:  tnx
comment:  merci
comment:  beaucoup


cluster  89 :
comment:  btp
comment:  btp
comment:  btp
comment:  btp
comment:  btp
comment:  btp
comment:  btp

101373961279443806744.5969184949174691474
a person is flying through the air on a snowboard 

matrix comment dim (2136, 2136)


cluster  0 :
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thanks
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank


cluster  1 :
comment:  ch
comment:  vos
comment:  ch
comment:  entre
comment:  et
comment:  tr
comment:  https
comment:  ch
comment:  dir


cluster  2 :
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share


cluster  3 :
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful


cluster  4 :
comment:  silva
comment:  elena
comment:  deborah
comment:  enrique
comment:  enrique
comment:  shelly
comment:  margaret
comment:  sheila
comment:  sheila
comment:  silva
comment:  patricia
comment:  patricia
comment:  deborah
comment:  irene
comment:  miguel
comment:  miguel
comment:  margaret


cluster  5 :
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  picture
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photograph
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  picture
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo


cluster  6 :
comment:  smid
comment:  smid
comment:  smid
comment:  smid
comment:  smid
comment:  smid
comment:  smid


cluster  7 :
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg


cluster  8 :
comment:  hear
comment:  wait
comment:  hear
comment:  hear
comment:  seriously
comment:  hopefully
comment:  hear
comment:  wait
comment:  hear
comment:  hear
comment:  agree


cluster  9 :
CAPTION: air
comment:  mild
comment:  minor
comment:  downtown
comment:  hike
comment:  speed
comment:  center
comment:  peak
comment:  hike
comment:  distance
comment:  rise
comment:  climate
comment:  slice
comment:  edge
comment:  frame
comment:  sweep
comment:  wave
comment:  size
comment:  element
comment:  size
comment:  contrast
air 	0.2529188


cluster  10 :
CAPTION: fly
comment:  grab
comment:  differently
comment:  theme
comment:  door
comment:  live
comment:  school
comment:  country
comment:  open
comment:  till
comment:  play
comment:  fix
comment:  theme
comment:  beat
comment:  constantly
comment:  reach
comment:  word
comment:  word
comment:  reach
comment:  theme
comment:  men
comment:  theme
comment:  word
comment:  word
fly 	0.24607623


cluster  11 :
comment:  betty
comment:  betty
comment:  angela
comment:  angela
comment:  barbara
comment:  maria
comment:  lucas
comment:  patrick
comment:  patrick
comment:  shawn
comment:  shawn
comment:  patrick
comment:  joan
comment:  joan
comment:  betty
comment:  ian
comment:  linda
comment:  carlos
comment:  nina
comment:  anthony
comment:  nina
comment:  cindy
comment:  nicole
comment:  carey
comment:  carlos
comment:  patrick
comment:  patrick
comment:  anderson
comment:  sandra
comment:  sandra
comment:  shawn
comment:  hudson
comment:  shawn
comment:  nathan
comment:  nathan
comment:  stephen
comment:  stephen
comment:  nancy
comment:  walter
comment:  walter
comment:  simpson
comment:  kurt
comment:  harvey
comment:  sandra
comment:  sandra
comment:  ralph
comment:  ralph
comment:  janet
comment:  clark
comment:  nancy


cluster  12 :
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan


cluster  13 :
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like


cluster  14 :
comment:  sky
comment:  moon
comment:  moon
comment:  moon
comment:  sky
comment:  moon
comment:  moon
comment:  moon
comment:  moon
comment:  moon
comment:  moon
comment:  sky
comment:  moon
comment:  moon
comment:  moon
comment:  moon
comment:  moon
comment:  moon
comment:  moon
comment:  sky
comment:  moon
comment:  moon
comment:  moon
comment:  moon
comment:  moon
comment:  moon
comment:  moon
comment:  moon


cluster  15 :
comment:  metzdorf
comment:  metzdorf
comment:  metzdorf
comment:  metzdorf


cluster  16 :
comment:  ps
comment:  oops
comment:  ah
comment:  yup
comment:  hah
comment:  hah
comment:  yup
comment:  omg
comment:  hah
comment:  monday


cluster  17 :
comment:  hope
comment:  hope
comment:  hope
comment:  hope
comment:  hope
comment:  hope
comment:  hope
comment:  hope
comment:  hope
comment:  hope
comment:  hope
comment:  hope
comment:  hope
comment:  hope
comment:  hope
comment:  hope


cluster  18 :
comment:  year
comment:  year
comment:  week
comment:  year
comment:  year
comment:  year
comment:  year
comment:  year
comment:  year
comment:  week
comment:  year
comment:  year
comment:  year
comment:  year
comment:  year
comment:  year
comment:  year
comment:  year
comment:  year
comment:  year
comment:  year
comment:  year
comment:  week
comment:  year
comment:  year
comment:  year
comment:  year
comment:  year
comment:  year
comment:  week
comment:  year
comment:  week
comment:  year
comment:  year
comment:  year
comment:  year
comment:  year
comment:  year
comment:  year
comment:  year
comment:  year
comment:  year
comment:  year
comment:  week
comment:  year
comment:  year


cluster  19 :
comment:  het
comment:  om
comment:  op
comment:  ook
comment:  een
comment:  ze
comment:  nog
comment:  ik
comment:  een
comment:  ik
comment:  een


cluster  20 :
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  gorgeous
comment:  lovely
comment:  beautiful
comment:  lovely
comment:  gorgeous
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  lovely
comment:  gorgeous
comment:  beautiful
comment:  gorgeous
comment:  gorgeous
comment:  beautiful
comment:  gorgeous
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  gorgeous
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful


cluster  21 :
comment:  fitzpatrick
comment:  marquardt
comment:  christa
comment:  christa
comment:  thierry
comment:  thierry
comment:  mortimer
comment:  mortimer
comment:  mcclure
comment:  nikola
comment:  nikola
comment:  bianchi
comment:  duarte
comment:  beverley
comment:  beverley
comment:  duarte
comment:  bianchi
comment:  matthias
comment:  matthias
comment:  anette
comment:  dubois
comment:  bilal
comment:  koontz
comment:  dunne
comment:  tatiana
comment:  tatiana
comment:  britta


cluster  22 :
comment:  composition
comment:  composition
comment:  composition
comment:  composition
comment:  composition
comment:  composition
comment:  composition
comment:  composition
comment:  composition
comment:  composition
comment:  composition
comment:  composition
comment:  composition
comment:  composition
comment:  composition
comment:  composition
comment:  composition
comment:  composition
comment:  composition


cluster  23 :
comment:  new
comment:  new
comment:  new
comment:  new
comment:  new
comment:  new
comment:  new
comment:  new
comment:  new
comment:  new
comment:  new
comment:  new
comment:  new
comment:  new
comment:  new
comment:  new
comment:  new
comment:  new
comment:  new
comment:  new
comment:  new
comment:  new
comment:  new
comment:  new
comment:  new
comment:  new


cluster  24 :
comment:  shoot
comment:  shot
comment:  shot
comment:  shot
comment:  shot
comment:  shot
comment:  shoot
comment:  shot
comment:  shoot
comment:  shot
comment:  shot
comment:  shot
comment:  shot
comment:  shot
comment:  shot
comment:  shot
comment:  shoot
comment:  shot
comment:  shot
comment:  shot
comment:  shoot
comment:  shot
comment:  shot
comment:  shot
comment:  shot
comment:  shot
comment:  shoot


cluster  25 :
comment:  time
comment:  place
comment:  time
comment:  time
comment:  time
comment:  time
comment:  time
comment:  time
comment:  place
comment:  place
comment:  place
comment:  time
comment:  time


cluster  26 :
comment:  brilliant
comment:  marvelous
comment:  delightful
comment:  delightful
comment:  relaxing
comment:  warm
comment:  warm
comment:  stunning
comment:  beautifully
comment:  splendid
comment:  stunning
comment:  quiet


cluster  27 :
comment:  miller
comment:  johnny
comment:  johnny
comment:  jerry
comment:  johnson
comment:  jerry
comment:  jones
comment:  tom
comment:  tom
comment:  rob
comment:  matt
comment:  ben
comment:  williams
comment:  anna
comment:  anna
comment:  anna
comment:  ben
comment:  ben
comment:  tom


cluster  28 :
comment:  lella
comment:  azahar
comment:  manousos
comment:  vielmal
comment:  niederer
comment:  landsmann
comment:  esguerra
comment:  grossartige
comment:  ausgesucht
comment:  mutita
comment:  edibleart
comment:  jany
comment:  viala
comment:  jany
comment:  laudy
comment:  pevlor
comment:  turkowski
comment:  prioritise
comment:  landscapephotography
comment:  jajja
comment:  bouriat
comment:  verbaandert
comment:  bakelaar
comment:  shehk
comment:  shehk
comment:  ravensblood
comment:  sairam
comment:  sundaresan
comment:  sairam
comment:  muraz
comment:  tankyuo
comment:  winyter
comment:  gittan
comment:  beheydt
comment:  gittan
comment:  nikolski
comment:  manousos
comment:  anatoliy
comment:  urbanskiy
comment:  passionphotocolor
comment:  tiziana
comment:  bruidssalon
comment:  marwie
comment:  jaquillard
comment:  fhoto
comment:  paisagem
comment:  europeanphotography
comment:  kussen
comment:  tyllinen
comment:  rousher
comment:  hqsp
comment:  kralicek
comment:  roseamunde
comment:  vignali
comment:  artistphtographeramateurorprofessional
comment:  naghmeh
comment:  khadembashi
comment:  muraz
comment:  ratana
comment:  sunsurveyorlite
comment:  wundersch
comment:  daugaard
comment:  grzegorz
comment:  piechowicz
comment:  grzegorz
comment:  slaapt
comment:  grzegorz
comment:  piechowicz
comment:  bjarte
comment:  wergedahl
comment:  aballe
comment:  haeussler
comment:  mossbacher
comment:  matthia
comment:  haeussler
comment:  landscapephotography
comment:  delcour
comment:  delpero
comment:  groet
comment:  verbaandert
comment:  parlow
comment:  dolny
comment:  ryndak
comment:  rienzner
comment:  vielmal
comment:  showyourbestwork
comment:  schijnt
comment:  sandidge
comment:  jorunn
comment:  gudlaugsdottir
comment:  lammert
comment:  doddema
comment:  proyou
comment:  besttopphotographer
comment:  serap
comment:  vielmal
comment:  seide
comment:  hussaen
comment:  hqsp
comment:  hqsp
comment:  koonj
comment:  haferland
comment:  landscapephotography
comment:  lella
comment:  soestbergen
comment:  garzer
comment:  hadegda
comment:  ignatova
comment:  jaquillard
comment:  salmela
comment:  miros
comment:  szymonek
comment:  miroslaw
comment:  ryndak
comment:  anatoliy
comment:  urbanskiy
comment:  nter
comment:  schurr
comment:  jorunn
comment:  gudlaugsdottir
comment:  jorunn
comment:  salsedo
comment:  verschrikkelijke
comment:  chagrijn
comment:  besttopphotographer
comment:  artistphtographeramateurorprofessional
comment:  jany
comment:  viala
comment:  vignali
comment:  grzegorz
comment:  piechowicz
comment:  grzegorz
comment:  parmeeva
comment:  jorunn
comment:  gudlaugsdottir
comment:  showyourbestwork
comment:  showyourbestwork
comment:  tompkin


cluster  29 :
comment:  crisp
comment:  captivating
comment:  dreamy
comment:  minimalist
comment:  glow
comment:  crisp
comment:  minimalist
comment:  crispy


cluster  30 :
comment:  feedback
comment:  contribution
comment:  respond
comment:  quote
comment:  feedback
comment:  comment
comment:  feedback
comment:  contact
comment:  contact


cluster  31 :
comment:  je
comment:  je
comment:  je
comment:  te
comment:  je
comment:  foto
comment:  ne
comment:  foto
comment:  je
comment:  je
comment:  je


cluster  32 :
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  cool
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  cool
comment:  cool
comment:  cool
comment:  nice
comment:  nice


cluster  33 :
comment:  lol
comment:  oh
comment:  btw
comment:  haha
comment:  ok
comment:  lol
comment:  hey
comment:  btw
comment:  hey
comment:  lol
comment:  haha
comment:  oh
comment:  yeah
comment:  haha
comment:  hey
comment:  ok
comment:  oh
comment:  hey
comment:  haha
comment:  oh


cluster  34 :
comment:  view
comment:  view
comment:  detail
comment:  view
comment:  location
comment:  view
comment:  highlight
comment:  view
comment:  highlight
comment:  view


cluster  35 :
comment:  excellent
comment:  superb
comment:  excellent
comment:  excellent
comment:  excellent
comment:  excellent
comment:  excellent
comment:  excellent
comment:  excellent
comment:  excellent
comment:  excellent


cluster  36 :
comment:  sen
comment:  sen
comment:  kidd
comment:  bm
comment:  salvador
comment:  philippe
comment:  philippe
comment:  milan
comment:  tran
comment:  tran
comment:  milano
comment:  sen
comment:  meg
comment:  meg
comment:  aston
comment:  elle
comment:  singh
comment:  singh
comment:  ada
comment:  davidson
comment:  kumar
comment:  yasmin
comment:  yasmin
comment:  enzo
comment:  ros
comment:  enzo
comment:  iceland
comment:  iceland
comment:  tran


cluster  37 :
comment:  simplicity
comment:  dialogue
comment:  framing
comment:  tone
comment:  intelligent
comment:  poetic
comment:  fulfil
comment:  simplicity
comment:  fulfil
comment:  cheek
comment:  lip
comment:  compose
comment:  gesture
comment:  philosophy
comment:  clarity
comment:  compose


cluster  38 :
comment:  danke
comment:  woow
comment:  danke
comment:  aaaah
comment:  danke
comment:  maan
comment:  danke
comment:  danke


cluster  39 :
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good


cluster  40 :
comment:  hoor
comment:  deze
comment:  geen
comment:  veel
comment:  heb
comment:  weer
comment:  mooi
comment:  lekker
comment:  erg
comment:  mooi
comment:  niet
comment:  beste
comment:  maar
comment:  niet
comment:  mooi


cluster  41 :
comment:  blue
comment:  white
comment:  white
comment:  color
comment:  blue
comment:  blue
comment:  white
comment:  blue
comment:  blue
comment:  white
comment:  blue
comment:  white
comment:  blue
comment:  white
comment:  blue
comment:  white


cluster  42 :
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love


cluster  43 :
comment:  december
comment:  january
comment:  zen
comment:  december
comment:  victoria
comment:  october
comment:  spain
comment:  africa
comment:  africa
comment:  belle
comment:  european
comment:  paris
comment:  switzerland
comment:  france
comment:  european
comment:  costa
comment:  scotland
comment:  swiss
comment:  jasmine
comment:  victoria
comment:  heath
comment:  san
comment:  africa
comment:  pa
comment:  wednesday


cluster  44 :
comment:  holiday
comment:  haven
comment:  travel
comment:  vacation
comment:  holiday
comment:  travel
comment:  breakfast
comment:  club
comment:  vacation


cluster  45 :
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great


cluster  46 :
CAPTION: person
comment:  meet
comment:  meet
comment:  desire
comment:  meet
comment:  follow
comment:  follow
comment:  follow
comment:  follow
comment:  decide
person 	0.40204516


cluster  47 :
comment:  wat
comment:  dat
comment:  er
comment:  hv
comment:  dat
comment:  thay
comment:  dat
comment:  aw
comment:  dat
comment:  wil
comment:  dat


cluster  48 :
comment:  windy
comment:  skiing
comment:  skiing
comment:  mountain
comment:  mountain
comment:  mountain
comment:  mountain
comment:  mountain
comment:  mountain
comment:  mountain
comment:  mountain
comment:  hill


cluster  49 :
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work


cluster  50 :
comment:  com
comment:  com
comment:  www
comment:  com
comment:  www
comment:  com
comment:  www
comment:  com


cluster  51 :
comment:  day
comment:  day
comment:  day
comment:  day
comment:  day
comment:  day
comment:  day
comment:  day
comment:  day


cluster  52 :
comment:  amazing
comment:  amazing
comment:  fantastic
comment:  fantastic
comment:  amazing
comment:  fantastic
comment:  fantastic
comment:  fantastic
comment:  fantastic
comment:  amazing
comment:  fantastic
comment:  fantastic
comment:  fantastic
comment:  amazing
comment:  fantastic
comment:  amazing
comment:  fantastic
comment:  amazing
comment:  amazing
comment:  amazing
comment:  amazing
comment:  amazing


cluster  53 :
comment:  unusual
comment:  unusual
comment:  sophisticated
comment:  unique
comment:  dramatic
comment:  wide
comment:  unusual
comment:  enormous
comment:  extraordinary
comment:  quality
comment:  wide
comment:  addition
comment:  large
comment:  combination
comment:  large


cluster  54 :
comment:  plan
comment:  plan
comment:  discuss
comment:  plan
comment:  plan
comment:  plan
comment:  discuss
comment:  plan
comment:  discuss
comment:  plan


cluster  55 :
comment:  need
comment:  able
comment:  need
comment:  need
comment:  need
comment:  bring
comment:  bring


cluster  56 :
comment:  cloud
comment:  cloud
comment:  cloud
comment:  cloud
comment:  cloud
comment:  cloud
comment:  cloud
comment:  cloud


cluster  57 :
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image


cluster  58 :
comment:  priority
comment:  privately
comment:  placement
comment:  include
comment:  execute
comment:  select
comment:  select
comment:  include
comment:  select


cluster  59 :
comment:  photographer
comment:  artist
comment:  photographer
comment:  amateur
comment:  photographer
comment:  photography
comment:  photography
comment:  photographer
comment:  photography
comment:  photographer
comment:  photographer
comment:  artist
comment:  photographer
comment:  amateur


cluster  60 :
comment:  en
comment:  al
comment:  de
comment:  la
comment:  le
comment:  le
comment:  de
comment:  est
comment:  en
comment:  van
comment:  pr
comment:  de
comment:  mon
comment:  de


cluster  61 :
comment:  happy
comment:  happy
comment:  happy
comment:  happy
comment:  happy
comment:  happy
comment:  happy
comment:  happy
comment:  happy
comment:  happy
comment:  happy
comment:  happy
comment:  happy
comment:  happy
comment:  happy
comment:  happy
comment:  happy
comment:  happy
comment:  happy
comment:  happy
comment:  happy
comment:  happy
comment:  happy
comment:  happy


cluster  62 :
comment:  mady
comment:  mikko
comment:  mady
comment:  mady
comment:  fabrizio
comment:  leyla
comment:  roberson
comment:  gruber
comment:  mamo
comment:  kamil
comment:  kamil
comment:  wirth
comment:  fabrizio
comment:  fabrizio
comment:  lundgren
comment:  almeida


cluster  63 :
comment:  wow
comment:  wow
comment:  wow
comment:  wow
comment:  wow
comment:  wow
comment:  wow
comment:  wow
comment:  wow
comment:  wow
comment:  wow
comment:  wow
comment:  wow
comment:  wow
comment:  wow
comment:  wow


cluster  64 :
comment:  profile
comment:  online
comment:  store
comment:  app
comment:  page
comment:  description
comment:  page
comment:  editor
comment:  page
comment:  page
comment:  editor
comment:  page
comment:  editor
comment:  page
comment:  page


cluster  65 :
comment:  snow
comment:  snow
comment:  winter
comment:  snow
comment:  snow
comment:  snow
comment:  snow
comment:  snow
comment:  winter
comment:  snow
comment:  winter
comment:  snow
comment:  winter
comment:  winter
comment:  winter
comment:  snow
comment:  snow
comment:  weather
comment:  weather
comment:  spring
comment:  winter


cluster  66 :
comment:  mark
comment:  mark
comment:  die
comment:  king
comment:  bill
comment:  bill
comment:  math
comment:  google
comment:  apology
comment:  shock
comment:  independence
comment:  overdue
comment:  hop
comment:  anxiously
comment:  promotion
comment:  injury
comment:  pro
comment:  approve


cluster  67 :
comment:  btp
comment:  btp
comment:  btp
comment:  btp
comment:  btp
comment:  btp
comment:  btp


cluster  68 :
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment


cluster  69 :
comment:  sorry
comment:  yes
comment:  yes
comment:  dear
comment:  miss
comment:  dear
comment:  miss
comment:  yes
comment:  yes
comment:  sorry
comment:  sorry
comment:  dear
comment:  yes
comment:  dear
comment:  miss
comment:  yes
comment:  yes


cluster  70 :
comment:  jullie
comment:  vind
comment:  keer
comment:  daar
comment:  weet
comment:  zie


cluster  71 :
comment:  bit
comment:  bit
comment:  basically
comment:  usual
comment:  usual
comment:  decent
comment:  curious
comment:  fine
comment:  bit
comment:  quick
comment:  bit
comment:  somewhat
comment:  usual
comment:  perfectly


cluster  72 :
comment:  change
comment:  catch
comment:  run
comment:  end
comment:  start
comment:  pick
comment:  pull
comment:  break
comment:  spend
comment:  start
comment:  start
comment:  catch
comment:  spot
comment:  pick
comment:  catch
comment:  start
comment:  start
comment:  run
comment:  instead
comment:  spend
comment:  ahead
comment:  start
comment:  close
comment:  apart


cluster  73 :
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad


cluster  74 :
comment:  favorite
comment:  best
comment:  enjoy
comment:  enjoy
comment:  fun
comment:  enjoy
comment:  pleasure
comment:  enjoy
comment:  perfect


cluster  75 :
comment:  fan
comment:  guy
comment:  super
comment:  blame
comment:  dare
comment:  fan
comment:  darn
comment:  crap
comment:  man
comment:  crap


cluster  76 :
comment:  heaven
comment:  family
comment:  family
comment:  honor
comment:  family
comment:  happiness
comment:  smile
comment:  mother
comment:  sister
comment:  sister


cluster  77 :
comment:  look
comment:  far
comment:  lot
comment:  way
comment:  stuff
comment:  lot
comment:  definitely
comment:  way
comment:  lot
comment:  idea
comment:  far
comment:  lot
comment:  certainly
comment:  pretty
comment:  thing
comment:  certainly
comment:  look
comment:  way
comment:  way
comment:  look
comment:  kind
comment:  definitely
comment:  way
comment:  little
comment:  pretty
comment:  way
comment:  kind
comment:  especially
comment:  way
comment:  way
comment:  pretty
comment:  way
comment:  look
comment:  thing
comment:  way
comment:  way
comment:  actually
comment:  kind


cluster  78 :
comment:  merci
comment:  beaucoup
comment:  merci
comment:  merci
comment:  beaucoup
comment:  brillant
comment:  merci
comment:  magnifique
comment:  merci
comment:  toi
comment:  merci
comment:  beaucoup


cluster  79 :
comment:  louisa
comment:  forsyth
comment:  louisa
comment:  louisa
comment:  forsyth
comment:  athena
comment:  annette
comment:  gemma
comment:  fletcher
comment:  reilly
comment:  louisa
comment:  forsyth
comment:  dempsey
comment:  dominique
comment:  dominique
comment:  orr
comment:  mendoza
comment:  dominique
comment:  dempsey


cluster  80 :
comment:  soon
comment:  mind
comment:  people
comment:  come
comment:  soon
comment:  try
comment:  come
comment:  right
comment:  probably
comment:  come
comment:  people
comment:  right
comment:  right
comment:  come
comment:  come
comment:  try
comment:  come
comment:  soon
comment:  try
comment:  come


cluster  81 :
comment:  brian
comment:  chris
comment:  george
comment:  george
comment:  paul
comment:  michael
comment:  michael
comment:  richard
comment:  michael
comment:  michael
comment:  george
comment:  george
comment:  eric
comment:  eric
comment:  david
comment:  david
comment:  david
comment:  peter
comment:  scott
comment:  michael
comment:  michael
comment:  michael
comment:  john
comment:  david
comment:  david
comment:  jim
comment:  jim
comment:  david


cluster  82 :
comment:  bomen
comment:  valt
comment:  helaas
comment:  slapen
comment:  plezier
comment:  daarmee
comment:  gelijk
comment:  inderdaad
comment:  prachtige
comment:  prachtige
comment:  blij
comment:  vindt
comment:  wensen
comment:  zeggen
comment:  misschien


cluster  83 :
comment:  dank
comment:  dank
comment:  dank
comment:  dank


cluster  84 :
comment:  landscape
comment:  landscape
comment:  landscape
comment:  landscape
comment:  landscape
comment:  landscape


cluster  85 :
comment:  friend
comment:  welcome
comment:  lucky
comment:  friend
comment:  welcome
comment:  friend
comment:  welcome
comment:  welcome
comment:  lucky
comment:  friend
comment:  friend


cluster  86 :
comment:  use
comment:  completely
comment:  point
comment:  completely
comment:  clear
comment:  different
comment:  simple
comment:  simply
comment:  special
comment:  choice
comment:  point
comment:  course
comment:  course
comment:  life
comment:  strong
comment:  point
comment:  choice
comment:  consider
comment:  choice
comment:  choice
comment:  different
comment:  choice
comment:  strong
comment:  different
comment:  choice
comment:  special


cluster  87 :
comment:  fog
comment:  static
comment:  outer
comment:  fog
comment:  powder
comment:  altitude
comment:  fog
comment:  fog
comment:  shield


cluster  88 :
comment:  approach
comment:  position
comment:  confidence
comment:  improve
comment:  involve
comment:  dynamic
comment:  space
comment:  properly
comment:  provide
comment:  balance
comment:  regard
comment:  direct
comment:  group
comment:  professional
comment:  space
comment:  class
comment:  training
comment:  plus
comment:  line
comment:  balance
comment:  general
comment:  proper
comment:  line
comment:  training
comment:  carefully
comment:  responsible
comment:  daily
comment:  daily
comment:  fitting
comment:  fitting
comment:  aim
comment:  achieve
comment:  daily
comment:  daily
comment:  professional
comment:  sustain


cluster  89 :
comment:  aditya
comment:  sharma
comment:  markus
comment:  markus
comment:  asif
comment:  amin
comment:  cristian
comment:  sumit
comment:  kamal
comment:  kamal
comment:  cristian
comment:  aditya
comment:  sharma
comment:  aditya
comment:  markus
comment:  markus
comment:  kamal
comment:  rohan
comment:  rohan
comment:  vishal
comment:  vishal
comment:  khalid
comment:  abdul


cluster  90 :
comment:  hi
comment:  sir
comment:  sir
comment:  sir
comment:  sir
comment:  reply
comment:  reply
comment:  hello
comment:  hi


cluster  91 :
comment:  wel
comment:  wel
comment:  wel
comment:  mee
comment:  wel
comment:  wel
comment:  wel
comment:  wel


cluster  92 :
comment:  capture
comment:  capture
comment:  capture
comment:  capture
comment:  capture
comment:  capture
comment:  capture


cluster  93 :
comment:  wisp
comment:  bleu
comment:  blanc
comment:  alps
comment:  wispy
comment:  bluish
comment:  whitish
comment:  beauteous
comment:  cairn


cluster  94 :
comment:  maybe
comment:  think
comment:  want
comment:  think
comment:  guess
comment:  want
comment:  let
comment:  know
comment:  tell
comment:  feel
comment:  sure
comment:  sure
comment:  think
comment:  remember
comment:  let
comment:  let
comment:  want
comment:  want
comment:  know
comment:  know
comment:  let
comment:  know
comment:  want
comment:  want


cluster  95 :
comment:  post
comment:  visit
comment:  visit
comment:  post
comment:  pleased
comment:  check
comment:  check
comment:  add
comment:  check
comment:  add
comment:  visit


cluster  96 :
comment:  cold
comment:  normal
comment:  slow
comment:  mood
comment:  sound
comment:  practically
comment:  slow
comment:  mood
comment:  sound
comment:  straight
comment:  cold
comment:  slow
comment:  fast
comment:  high
comment:  clean
comment:  sound


cluster  97 :
comment:  havn
comment:  sach
comment:  edelweiss
comment:  schweiz
comment:  bild
comment:  seite
comment:  schweiz
comment:  sainte
comment:  swanepoel
comment:  edo
comment:  combinaison
comment:  agr
comment:  adorei
comment:  sach
comment:  junge
comment:  dieu
comment:  wwhen
comment:  tje
comment:  dubi
comment:  arghh
comment:  somewher


cluster  98 :
CAPTION: snowboard
comment:  mania
comment:  mania
comment:  snowboard
comment:  magician
comment:  hibernation
comment:  redefine
comment:  snowboard
comment:  heel
comment:  unfulfilled
comment:  restart
comment:  clash
comment:  gush
snowboard 	0.236673181488


cluster  99 :
comment:  wish
comment:  wish
comment:  appreciate
comment:  wish
comment:  wish
comment:  wish
comment:  wish
comment:  appreciate
comment:  wish
comment:  wish
comment:  wish
comment:  wish
comment:  wish
comment:  wish
comment:  wish
comment:  wish
comment:  wish
comment:  appreciate


cluster  100 :
comment:  awesome
comment:  awesome
comment:  awesome
comment:  awesome
comment:  awesome
comment:  awesome
comment:  awesome
comment:  awesome
comment:  awesome


cluster  101 :
comment:  catharine
comment:  davos
comment:  catharine
comment:  munford
comment:  davos
comment:  annick
comment:  annick
comment:  adcock
comment:  aufnahme
comment:  crimea
comment:  gunderson
comment:  davos
comment:  catharine
comment:  rodolfo
comment:  rodolfo
comment:  mahar
comment:  hilbert
comment:  annick
comment:  qadir
comment:  dalibor
comment:  dalibor
comment:  rogge


cluster  102 :
comment:  giorgi
comment:  gerda
comment:  gerda
comment:  gerda
comment:  gerda
comment:  pelaez
comment:  gerda
comment:  marilou
comment:  marilou
comment:  gerda
comment:  duru
comment:  wilfried
comment:  jutta
comment:  gerda


cluster  103 :
comment:  morning
comment:  early
comment:  late
comment:  trip
comment:  later
comment:  trip
comment:  late
comment:  later
comment:  trip
comment:  summer
comment:  morning
comment:  weekend
comment:  late
comment:  morning
comment:  late
comment:  busy


cluster  104 :
comment:  beauty
comment:  earth
comment:  earth
comment:  fresh
comment:  deep
comment:  eye
comment:  beauty
comment:  deep
comment:  deep
comment:  breath
comment:  deep
comment:  touch
comment:  intense
comment:  pure
comment:  deep
comment:  face
comment:  magic
comment:  nature
comment:  calm
comment:  scene
comment:  deep
comment:  beauty
comment:  scene


cluster  105 :
comment:  imagine
comment:  moment
comment:  moment
comment:  moment
comment:  moment
comment:  moment
comment:  imagine
comment:  moment
comment:  moment
comment:  dream

101373961279443806744.5901619230387403986
a view of a mountain range with a mountain in the background 

matrix comment dim (2284, 2284)


cluster  0 :
comment:  adcock
comment:  werkt
comment:  heet
comment:  voorstellen
comment:  komende
comment:  dagen
comment:  zomer
comment:  temperaturen
comment:  verlangen
comment:  prout
comment:  pety
comment:  timmerman
comment:  nicolai
comment:  dietmar
comment:  pelaez
comment:  dalibor
comment:  giorgi
comment:  marilou
comment:  marilou
comment:  bowle
comment:  azaz
comment:  munford
comment:  courchevel
comment:  rodolfo
comment:  rodolfo
comment:  wilfried
comment:  filtres
comment:  mehboob
comment:  natuurlijk


cluster  1 :
comment:  real
comment:  experience
comment:  big
comment:  true
comment:  life
comment:  story
comment:  attention


cluster  2 :
comment:  mont
comment:  blanc
comment:  alps
comment:  alps
comment:  ombre


cluster  3 :
comment:  japanese
comment:  french
comment:  mini
comment:  apple
comment:  pro
comment:  mac
comment:  english
comment:  english
comment:  french
comment:  mac
comment:  pro
comment:  apple
comment:  mac
comment:  pro
comment:  vista
comment:  twilight
comment:  mac
comment:  pro


cluster  4 :
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thanks
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thanks
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thanks
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thanks
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thanks
comment:  thank
comment:  thanks
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thanks
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank


cluster  5 :
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg


cluster  6 :
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good


cluster  7 :
comment:  carey
comment:  russell
comment:  carey
comment:  walter
comment:  sandra
comment:  sandra
comment:  carey
comment:  mitchell
comment:  barbara
comment:  margaret
comment:  margaret
comment:  stephen
comment:  betty
comment:  carlos
comment:  jonathan
comment:  doug
comment:  doug
comment:  carol
comment:  ian
comment:  ian
comment:  elizabeth
comment:  sandra
comment:  sandra
comment:  sandra
comment:  joan
comment:  margaret
comment:  walter
comment:  sandra
comment:  carey
comment:  carey
comment:  sandra
comment:  sharon
comment:  sharon
comment:  shawn
comment:  shawn
comment:  stephen
comment:  stephen
comment:  sandra
comment:  ralph
comment:  ralph
comment:  ian
comment:  ian


cluster  8 :
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  picture
comment:  picture
comment:  photo
comment:  picture
comment:  photo
comment:  photo


cluster  9 :
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan


cluster  10 :
comment:  hear
comment:  ask
comment:  hear
comment:  hear
comment:  agree
comment:  hear
comment:  agree
comment:  surprised
comment:  shame
comment:  hear


cluster  11 :
comment:  muraz
comment:  photowalk
comment:  taconn
comment:  pyramidal
comment:  ryndak
comment:  renay
comment:  temperatuur
comment:  natuurzicht
comment:  soestbergen
comment:  landsmann
comment:  novita
comment:  listyani
comment:  parlow
comment:  volop
comment:  aangename
comment:  shaarsere
comment:  kledij
comment:  hqsp
comment:  grzegorz
comment:  piechowicz
comment:  grzegorz
comment:  sandidge
comment:  esvall
comment:  europeanphotography
comment:  sarkiler
comment:  delcour
comment:  muraz
comment:  sweedon
comment:  hedenberg
comment:  hqsplandscape
comment:  hqsp
comment:  neijhoft
comment:  rogacki
comment:  banadera
comment:  kierek
comment:  mossbacher
comment:  mossbacher
comment:  rousher
comment:  menefee
comment:  menefee
comment:  anatoliy
comment:  urbanskiy
comment:  charnley
comment:  schewe
comment:  cairn
comment:  vielmal
comment:  ramharter
comment:  manousos
comment:  peijnenburgi
comment:  nter
comment:  schurr
comment:  pevlor
comment:  muraz
comment:  charnley
comment:  muraz
comment:  cuarez
comment:  parmeeva
comment:  bechler
comment:  hqsp
comment:  hagadorn
comment:  subra
comment:  subra
comment:  landscapephotography
comment:  spenner
comment:  skreiner
comment:  aballe
comment:  youtu
comment:  yircpvowmcu
comment:  parlow
comment:  kaatje
comment:  kaatje
comment:  nurcan
comment:  nurcan
comment:  naghmeh
comment:  khadembashi
comment:  naghmeh
comment:  parlow
comment:  parlow
comment:  bouriat
comment:  karacay
comment:  mossbacher
comment:  diggelmann
comment:  soestbergen
comment:  rimovska
comment:  parlow
comment:  grzegorz
comment:  piechowicz
comment:  grzegorz
comment:  alia
comment:  jany
comment:  viala
comment:  filatov
comment:  salmela
comment:  pintje
comment:  meckmann
comment:  seide
comment:  wundersch
comment:  eingefangen
comment:  ausgesucht
comment:  daugaard
comment:  lammert
comment:  doddema
comment:  noticably
comment:  cairn
comment:  headlamp
comment:  gram
comment:  parlow
comment:  tyllinen
comment:  esguerra
comment:  haferland
comment:  cessaire
comment:  difficile
comment:  cieux
comment:  tonalit
comment:  rooij
comment:  valesa
comment:  diamonte
comment:  charnley
comment:  nikolski
comment:  grzegorz
comment:  piechowicz
comment:  grzegorz
comment:  europeanphotography


cluster  12 :
comment:  dangerous
comment:  accompany
comment:  tactic
comment:  stumble
comment:  absent
comment:  await
comment:  absent
comment:  count
comment:  till
comment:  destroy
comment:  anticipation
comment:  pass
comment:  accompany
comment:  counting
comment:  sleep
comment:  resist
comment:  envision
comment:  doable
comment:  harm
comment:  tactic


cluster  13 :
comment:  heart
comment:  deep
comment:  mood
comment:  magical
comment:  deep
comment:  magical
comment:  spirit
comment:  magic
comment:  passion
comment:  soul
comment:  pure
comment:  beauty
comment:  nature
comment:  pure
comment:  magic
comment:  soul


cluster  14 :
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great


cluster  15 :
comment:  ok
comment:  ok
comment:  oh
comment:  lol
comment:  ok
comment:  yeah
comment:  yeah
comment:  kinda
comment:  oh
comment:  oh
comment:  lol
comment:  kinda
comment:  lol
comment:  ok
comment:  lol
comment:  ok


cluster  16 :
comment:  warm
comment:  warm
comment:  atmosphere
comment:  quiet
comment:  relax
comment:  atmosphere
comment:  quiet
comment:  warm


cluster  17 :
comment:  ja
comment:  mee
comment:  je
comment:  wel
comment:  kan
comment:  ik
comment:  ik
comment:  op
comment:  kan
comment:  je
comment:  nog
comment:  je
comment:  wel
comment:  het
comment:  een
comment:  je
comment:  wel


cluster  18 :
comment:  athena
comment:  tran
comment:  gallup
comment:  bergen
comment:  athena
comment:  athena
comment:  bm
comment:  schweiz
comment:  nl
comment:  yasmin
comment:  athena
comment:  athena
comment:  lightroom
comment:  schweiz
comment:  lightroom
comment:  lightroom
comment:  yasmin


cluster  19 :
comment:  trail
comment:  travel
comment:  near
comment:  south
comment:  weather
comment:  vacation
comment:  trail
comment:  travel
comment:  travel
comment:  hotel
comment:  near
comment:  haven
comment:  downtown
comment:  river
comment:  road
comment:  road
comment:  bridge
comment:  trail
comment:  breakfast
comment:  club
comment:  haven
comment:  haven


cluster  20 :
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like


cluster  21 :
comment:  happy
comment:  wish
comment:  hope
comment:  hope
comment:  hope
comment:  hope
comment:  wish
comment:  hope
comment:  hope
comment:  hope
comment:  appreciate
comment:  hope
comment:  hope
comment:  happy
comment:  wish
comment:  hope
comment:  hope
comment:  hope
comment:  wish
comment:  hope
comment:  hope
comment:  hope
comment:  hope
comment:  hope
comment:  hope
comment:  hope
comment:  hope
comment:  hope
comment:  hope


cluster  22 :
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image


cluster  23 :
comment:  stunning
comment:  stunning
comment:  beautifully
comment:  beautifully
comment:  beautifully
comment:  stunning
comment:  stunning
comment:  stunning
comment:  splendid
comment:  spectacular


cluster  24 :
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment


cluster  25 :
comment:  adore
comment:  sweet
comment:  clever
comment:  goodness
comment:  sweet
comment:  super
comment:  song
comment:  watch
comment:  ugly
comment:  sweet
comment:  bunch
comment:  super
comment:  liking
comment:  horrible


cluster  26 :
comment:  software
comment:  digital
comment:  negative
comment:  screen
comment:  version
comment:  power
comment:  version
comment:  adjust
comment:  computer
comment:  compare
comment:  software
comment:  power
comment:  description
comment:  compare
comment:  upgrade
comment:  rate
comment:  scale
comment:  remove
comment:  core
comment:  stream
comment:  weight
comment:  aggressive
comment:  split


cluster  27 :
comment:  kyra
comment:  sofie
comment:  anette
comment:  anette
comment:  fitzpatrick
comment:  susanne
comment:  susanne
comment:  duarte
comment:  tatiana
comment:  tatiana
comment:  jansen
comment:  thierry
comment:  anette
comment:  mcclure
comment:  mikko
comment:  kyra
comment:  ferreira
comment:  fitzpatrick
comment:  nikola
comment:  dunne


cluster  28 :
comment:  michael
comment:  michael
comment:  michael
comment:  michael
comment:  michael
comment:  michael
comment:  michael
comment:  michael
comment:  michael
comment:  michael
comment:  michael
comment:  michael
comment:  michael
comment:  michael
comment:  david
comment:  david
comment:  david
comment:  david
comment:  john
comment:  john


cluster  29 :
comment:  de
comment:  te
comment:  de
comment:  de
comment:  en
comment:  la
comment:  le
comment:  les
comment:  ne
comment:  pas
comment:  pour
comment:  moi
comment:  le
comment:  de
comment:  la
comment:  pr
comment:  pour
comment:  belle
comment:  de
comment:  de
comment:  belle
comment:  un
comment:  un
comment:  pour


cluster  30 :
comment:  busy
comment:  weekend
comment:  weekend
comment:  weekend
comment:  weekend
comment:  busy
comment:  busy
comment:  weekend
comment:  busy
comment:  weekend
comment:  tonight


cluster  31 :
comment:  need
comment:  simply
comment:  right
comment:  right
comment:  find
comment:  try
comment:  people
comment:  people
comment:  find
comment:  need
comment:  try
comment:  try
comment:  right
comment:  able
comment:  find
comment:  try
comment:  need
comment:  right
comment:  try
comment:  need
comment:  find
comment:  right
comment:  people
comment:  need
comment:  need


cluster  32 :
comment:  light
comment:  light
comment:  dark
comment:  light
comment:  light
comment:  light
comment:  light
comment:  light
comment:  light
comment:  light
comment:  dark
comment:  light
comment:  light
comment:  light
comment:  light
comment:  light
comment:  light
comment:  light
comment:  light
comment:  light
comment:  light
comment:  dark
comment:  light
comment:  light
comment:  light
comment:  light
comment:  light
comment:  light
comment:  light


cluster  33 :
comment:  regard
comment:  struggle
comment:  challenge
comment:  perspective
comment:  perspective
comment:  present
comment:  appear
comment:  carefully
comment:  quickly
comment:  continue
comment:  order
comment:  step
comment:  build
comment:  continue
comment:  achieve
comment:  quickly
comment:  practical
comment:  subject
comment:  aspect


cluster  34 :
comment:  foreground
comment:  triangle
comment:  crispy
comment:  minimalist
comment:  haze
comment:  triangle
comment:  elastic
comment:  softly
comment:  shield


cluster  35 :
CAPTION: mountain
CAPTION: mountain
comment:  mountain
comment:  mountain
comment:  mountain
comment:  mountain
comment:  mountain
comment:  mountain
comment:  mountain
comment:  mountain
comment:  mountain
comment:  mountain
comment:  mountain
comment:  mountain
comment:  mountain
comment:  mountain
comment:  mountain
comment:  mountain
comment:  mountain
comment:  mountain
comment:  mountain
mountain 	1.0
mountain 	1.0


cluster  36 :
comment:  opportunity
comment:  meet
comment:  join
comment:  visit
comment:  meet
comment:  meet
comment:  meet
comment:  meet
comment:  meet
comment:  visit
comment:  family
comment:  pleased
comment:  meet
comment:  visit


cluster  37 :
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful


cluster  38 :
comment:  sach
comment:  sumit
comment:  sumit
comment:  kamal
comment:  senorita
comment:  lani
comment:  aamir
comment:  rebeca
comment:  koontz
comment:  lund
comment:  haaaa
comment:  koontz
comment:  pluss
comment:  koontz
comment:  vitor
comment:  vitor
comment:  rohan
comment:  rohan
comment:  lumi


cluster  39 :
comment:  dank
comment:  hut
comment:  stopover
comment:  mania
comment:  nexus
comment:  nexus
comment:  samsung
comment:  adobe
comment:  slowdown
comment:  http
comment:  dank
comment:  adobe
comment:  thirdly
comment:  canning
comment:  ch
comment:  mania
comment:  dank
comment:  gb
comment:  ram
comment:  miner
comment:  hangout
comment:  maestro
comment:  dodge
comment:  nexus


cluster  40 :
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  cool
comment:  cool
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  cool
comment:  nice
comment:  nice


cluster  41 :
comment:  gemma
comment:  markus
comment:  markus
comment:  javier
comment:  javier
comment:  dominique
comment:  dominique
comment:  marianne
comment:  gemma
comment:  gemma
comment:  dominique
comment:  robby
comment:  robby
comment:  jamal
comment:  andersen
comment:  fletcher
comment:  dominique
comment:  annette
comment:  dominique
comment:  orr
comment:  reilly
comment:  mendoza


cluster  42 :
comment:  composition
comment:  composition
comment:  composition
comment:  compose
comment:  composition
comment:  composition
comment:  composition
comment:  compose
comment:  composition
comment:  composition
comment:  compose
comment:  composition
comment:  composition
comment:  composition
comment:  composition
comment:  composition
comment:  composition


cluster  43 :
comment:  place
comment:  time
comment:  time
comment:  day
comment:  day
comment:  time
comment:  place
comment:  place
comment:  time
comment:  time
comment:  time
comment:  time
comment:  time
comment:  place
comment:  day
comment:  time
comment:  time
comment:  time
comment:  time
comment:  time
comment:  time
comment:  time
comment:  day


cluster  44 :
comment:  treasured
comment:  majestic
comment:  majestic
comment:  majestic
comment:  breathtaking
comment:  grandeur
comment:  majestic
comment:  sublime
comment:  breathtaking


cluster  45 :
CAPTION: view
CAPTION: background
comment:  detailed
comment:  background
comment:  detail
comment:  view
comment:  detail
comment:  feature
comment:  detail
comment:  display
comment:  view
comment:  view
comment:  striking
comment:  dramatic
comment:  striking
comment:  view
view 	0.563589349389
background 	0.440745113151


cluster  46 :
comment:  pronounce
comment:  foreigner
comment:  pronounce
comment:  pronounce
comment:  moderator
comment:  pronounce


cluster  47 :
comment:  sharpen
comment:  dimensional
comment:  resolution
comment:  resolution
comment:  medium
comment:  phenomena
comment:  dimension
comment:  medium
comment:  functionality
comment:  sharpen
comment:  adjustment
comment:  achievement
comment:  sharpen
comment:  vary
comment:  selective
comment:  sharpening
comment:  selective
comment:  selective
comment:  medium


cluster  48 :
comment:  costa
comment:  jean
comment:  jean
comment:  france
comment:  swiss
comment:  africa
comment:  japan
comment:  france
comment:  saint
comment:  pa
comment:  costa
comment:  victoria
comment:  victoria
comment:  potter
comment:  zen
comment:  saint
comment:  ireland
comment:  ireland
comment:  july
comment:  european


cluster  49 :
comment:  alles
comment:  goed
comment:  alleen
comment:  niet
comment:  veel
comment:  hier
comment:  ook
comment:  maar
comment:  lekker
comment:  alles
comment:  hier
comment:  meer
comment:  alles
comment:  goed
comment:  anders
comment:  alles
comment:  goed
comment:  jou
comment:  alles
comment:  goed


cluster  50 :
comment:  word
comment:  word
comment:  word
comment:  word
comment:  word
comment:  word
comment:  word
comment:  word
comment:  word
comment:  word
comment:  word


cluster  51 :
comment:  head
comment:  face
comment:  food
comment:  finish
comment:  open
comment:  open
comment:  room
comment:  head
comment:  finish
comment:  outside
comment:  run


cluster  52 :
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  job
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  important
comment:  help
comment:  work
comment:  job
comment:  work
comment:  help
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  job
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work


cluster  53 :
comment:  shot
comment:  shot
comment:  scene
comment:  shot
comment:  shot
comment:  shooting
comment:  shot
comment:  shot
comment:  shot
comment:  shoot
comment:  scene
comment:  scene
comment:  shoot
comment:  shot
comment:  shot
comment:  shoot
comment:  shot
comment:  shot
comment:  shot
comment:  shot
comment:  shot


cluster  54 :
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share


cluster  55 :
comment:  comment
comment:  reply
comment:  comment
comment:  comment
comment:  comment


cluster  56 :
comment:  greeting
comment:  photography
comment:  photographer
comment:  photography
comment:  photography
comment:  photography
comment:  photographer
comment:  photographer
comment:  photographer
comment:  art
comment:  photography
comment:  photography
comment:  photography


cluster  57 :
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love


cluster  58 :
comment:  think
comment:  know
comment:  know
comment:  sure
comment:  sure
comment:  think
comment:  know
comment:  forget
comment:  know
comment:  know
comment:  sure
comment:  forget
comment:  think
comment:  sure
comment:  think
comment:  know
comment:  know
comment:  think
comment:  tell
comment:  know


cluster  59 :
comment:  stretch
comment:  heat
comment:  lit
comment:  wet
comment:  bed
comment:  wind
comment:  ear
comment:  body
comment:  air
comment:  soft
comment:  water
comment:  brush
comment:  dust
comment:  soft
comment:  burn


cluster  60 :
comment:  dedication
comment:  confidence
comment:  partner
comment:  company
comment:  learning
comment:  team
comment:  feedback
comment:  social
comment:  social
comment:  community
comment:  discuss
comment:  team
comment:  business
comment:  community
comment:  class
comment:  contribution
comment:  improvement
comment:  feedback
comment:  promote
comment:  social
comment:  contribution
comment:  feedback


cluster  61 :
comment:  excellent
comment:  superb
comment:  brilliant
comment:  impressive
comment:  outstanding
comment:  outstanding
comment:  impressive
comment:  wonderfully
comment:  outstanding
comment:  outstanding
comment:  amazingly
comment:  excellent


cluster  62 :
comment:  thing
comment:  thing
comment:  stuff
comment:  wonder
comment:  thing
comment:  thing
comment:  thing
comment:  thing
comment:  stuff
comment:  thing
comment:  thing
comment:  thing
comment:  thing
comment:  stuff
comment:  thing
comment:  thing
comment:  thing
comment:  wonder
comment:  thing


cluster  63 :
comment:  bit
comment:  difficult
comment:  bit
comment:  bit
comment:  lately
comment:  bit
comment:  fairly
comment:  somewhat
comment:  clearly
comment:  bit
comment:  bit
comment:  obvious
comment:  bit
comment:  bit


cluster  64 :
comment:  scenery
comment:  landscape
comment:  landscape
comment:  landscape
comment:  landscape
comment:  landscape
comment:  landscape
comment:  landscape
comment:  vivid
comment:  backdrop


cluster  65 :
comment:  gracias
comment:  gracias
comment:  danke
comment:  merci
comment:  beaucoup
comment:  magnifique
comment:  merci
comment:  magnifique
comment:  toi


cluster  66 :
comment:  different
comment:  possible
comment:  use
comment:  choose
comment:  use
comment:  use
comment:  useful
comment:  change
comment:  add
comment:  easily
comment:  add


cluster  67 :
comment:  person
comment:  notice
comment:  person
comment:  check
comment:  notice
comment:  check
comment:  speak
comment:  helpful
comment:  check
comment:  careful
comment:  money
comment:  check
comment:  notice
comment:  opinion
comment:  read
comment:  decide
comment:  forward
comment:  question
comment:  question
comment:  follow


cluster  68 :
comment:  post
comment:  blog
comment:  post
comment:  blog
comment:  blog
comment:  post
comment:  post
comment:  post
comment:  post
comment:  post
comment:  post
comment:  blog
comment:  post


cluster  69 :
comment:  enjoy
comment:  pleasure
comment:  enjoy
comment:  truly
comment:  favorite
comment:  enjoy
comment:  enjoy
comment:  impressed
comment:  pleasure
comment:  pleasure
comment:  pleasure
comment:  enjoy
comment:  enjoy


cluster  70 :
comment:  course
comment:  spot
comment:  stop
comment:  away
comment:  spot
comment:  close
comment:  stay
comment:  spend
comment:  course
comment:  away
comment:  end
comment:  away
comment:  close
comment:  end
comment:  close
comment:  short
comment:  end
comment:  spot
comment:  long
comment:  short
comment:  away
comment:  spot
comment:  stay
comment:  start
comment:  end
comment:  half


cluster  71 :
comment:  blue
comment:  color
comment:  gray
comment:  color
comment:  color
comment:  color
comment:  blue
comment:  white
comment:  crisp
comment:  crisp
comment:  color
comment:  white
comment:  blue
comment:  blue
comment:  blue
comment:  color
comment:  color


cluster  72 :
comment:  lr
comment:  lr
comment:  lr
comment:  lr
comment:  lr
comment:  lr


cluster  73 :
comment:  kind
comment:  idea
comment:  kind
comment:  kind
comment:  better
comment:  kind
comment:  kind
comment:  idea
comment:  kind
comment:  feel
comment:  kind
comment:  way
comment:  kind
comment:  kind
comment:  feel
comment:  feel
comment:  kind
comment:  kind
comment:  idea
comment:  kind


cluster  74 :
comment:  sir
comment:  sir
comment:  hi


cluster  75 :
comment:  maybe
comment:  suppose
comment:  mean
comment:  suppose
comment:  mean
comment:  guess
comment:  guess
comment:  guess
comment:  guess
comment:  guess
comment:  guess
comment:  mean
comment:  mean
comment:  guess
comment:  guess
comment:  wrong
comment:  guess


cluster  76 :
comment:  news
comment:  journal
comment:  vote
comment:  bill
comment:  bill
comment:  win
comment:  letter
comment:  letter
comment:  ago
comment:  guest
comment:  deserved
comment:  winner
comment:  judge
comment:  son


cluster  77 :
comment:  sky
comment:  snow
comment:  sun
comment:  snow
comment:  sun
comment:  sunset
comment:  sunrise
comment:  sunset
comment:  sunny
comment:  snowy
comment:  sky
comment:  sun
comment:  sky
comment:  sunny
comment:  sky
comment:  sky


cluster  78 :
comment:  reason
comment:  probably
comment:  realize
comment:  actually
comment:  reason
comment:  bad
comment:  actually
comment:  unfortunately
comment:  probably
comment:  mention
comment:  bad
comment:  happen
comment:  mention
comment:  mention
comment:  understand
comment:  actually
comment:  actually
comment:  probably


cluster  79 :
comment:  descent
comment:  peak
comment:  peak
comment:  alpine
comment:  altitude
comment:  region
comment:  mountainous
comment:  elevation
comment:  peak
comment:  hike
comment:  rugged


cluster  80 :
comment:  belgique
comment:  toujours
comment:  couleur
comment:  naturelle
comment:  recherche
comment:  couleur
comment:  couleur


cluster  81 :
comment:  earlier
comment:  earlier
comment:  recently
comment:  twice
comment:  previous
comment:  previous
comment:  later
comment:  early
comment:  second


cluster  82 :
comment:  soon
comment:  leave
comment:  soon
comment:  come
comment:  finally
comment:  rest
comment:  let
comment:  soon
comment:  coming
comment:  wait
comment:  let
comment:  come
comment:  moment
comment:  let
comment:  let
comment:  moment
comment:  soon
comment:  moment
comment:  come


cluster  83 :
comment:  info
comment:  click
comment:  page
comment:  publish
comment:  page
comment:  list
comment:  page
comment:  page
comment:  site
comment:  page
comment:  website
comment:  publish
comment:  publish
comment:  publish


cluster  84 :
comment:  little
comment:  little
comment:  look
comment:  look
comment:  interesting
comment:  interesting
comment:  look
comment:  totally
comment:  totally
comment:  absolutely
comment:  absolutely
comment:  look
comment:  look
comment:  look
comment:  look
comment:  pretty
comment:  little
comment:  look
comment:  pretty


cluster  85 :
comment:  lot
comment:  far
comment:  certainly
comment:  lot
comment:  far
comment:  especially
comment:  lot
comment:  especially
comment:  lot
comment:  certainly
comment:  lot
comment:  far
comment:  lot
comment:  sense
comment:  far
comment:  lot
comment:  far
comment:  far
comment:  far
comment:  lot


cluster  86 :
comment:  summer
comment:  summer
comment:  evening
comment:  night
comment:  evening
comment:  summer
comment:  summer
comment:  summer
comment:  holiday
comment:  evening
comment:  summer
comment:  winter
comment:  evening
comment:  summer
comment:  summer
comment:  summer


cluster  87 :
comment:  dedicate
comment:  teach
comment:  relate
comment:  teach
comment:  peace
comment:  firstly
comment:  secondly
comment:  friendship
comment:  lesson
comment:  complain
comment:  relate


cluster  88 :
comment:  dermot
comment:  mady
comment:  lundgren
comment:  marquardt
comment:  lundgren
comment:  jessen
comment:  dubi
comment:  angelika
comment:  angelika
comment:  oksana
comment:  forsberg
comment:  terrie
comment:  shahzad
comment:  tompkins
comment:  alpinist
comment:  marquardt
comment:  govinda
comment:  etna
comment:  hilbert
comment:  rz
comment:  platte
comment:  lundgren
comment:  baki
comment:  savoie
comment:  ohara
comment:  hilbert
comment:  ingo
comment:  seite
comment:  junge
comment:  dubi
comment:  swanepoel
comment:  jessen
comment:  oksana


cluster  89 :
comment:  dear
comment:  welcome
comment:  friend
comment:  welcome
comment:  dear
comment:  welcome
comment:  birthday
comment:  buddy
comment:  dear
comment:  friend
comment:  friend
comment:  friend
comment:  birthday
comment:  friend
comment:  friend


cluster  90 :
comment:  lori
comment:  lori
comment:  michel
comment:  michel
comment:  deborah
comment:  mitch
comment:  simone
comment:  stefan
comment:  gerard
comment:  enrique
comment:  bernard
comment:  gerard
comment:  reynolds
comment:  nora
comment:  nora
comment:  elena
comment:  bernard
comment:  wong
comment:  levi
comment:  gerard
comment:  gerard


cluster  91 :
comment:  jeez
comment:  xo
comment:  lolol
comment:  congratulation
comment:  pitty
comment:  woow


cluster  92 :
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad


cluster  93 :
comment:  sen
comment:  ff
comment:  ga
comment:  singh
comment:  adios
comment:  meg
comment:  meg
comment:  switzerland
comment:  ff
comment:  dan
comment:  simpson
comment:  andreas
comment:  jan
comment:  elle
comment:  khan
comment:  simpson
comment:  bel


cluster  94 :
comment:  pop
comment:  peek
comment:  epic
comment:  hop
comment:  star
comment:  grand
comment:  theme
comment:  theme
comment:  theme
comment:  album
comment:  rock
comment:  pop
comment:  band
comment:  recipe
comment:  mix
comment:  hop


cluster  95 :
comment:  capture
comment:  capture
comment:  capture
comment:  capture
comment:  capture
comment:  capture
comment:  capture
comment:  capture
comment:  capture
comment:  camera
comment:  capture
comment:  capture


cluster  96 :
comment:  technique
comment:  intensity
comment:  tone
comment:  depth
comment:  lighting
comment:  contrast
comment:  intelligent
comment:  contrast
comment:  texture
comment:  clarity
comment:  expressive
comment:  tone
comment:  clarity
comment:  contrast
comment:  tone
comment:  clarity
comment:  imagery
comment:  clarity
comment:  highlighting


cluster  97 :
comment:  miss
comment:  miss
comment:  miss
comment:  miss
comment:  yes
comment:  miss
comment:  yes
comment:  yes
comment:  forgot
comment:  yes
comment:  yes
comment:  guy
comment:  yes
comment:  yes
comment:  sad
comment:  miss
comment:  yes
comment:  yes
comment:  sad
comment:  yes
comment:  miss


cluster  98 :
comment:  jim
comment:  george
comment:  matt
comment:  matt
comment:  tom
comment:  tom
comment:  anna
comment:  anna
comment:  jim
comment:  jim
comment:  peter
comment:  eric
comment:  johnny
comment:  brian
comment:  jeff
comment:  george
comment:  george
comment:  robert
comment:  michelle
comment:  jim
comment:  jim
comment:  daniel
comment:  daniel
comment:  anna
comment:  alex
comment:  george
comment:  george
comment:  thomas
comment:  thomas
comment:  peter
comment:  brian
comment:  brian
comment:  jerry
comment:  johnson
comment:  jerry


cluster  99 :
comment:  fine
comment:  easy
comment:  easy
comment:  easy
comment:  strong
comment:  sound
comment:  fine
comment:  touch
comment:  clean
comment:  piece
comment:  strong
comment:  touch
comment:  choice
comment:  touch
comment:  clear


cluster  100 :
comment:  ah
comment:  wat
comment:  jealous
comment:  kiss
comment:  sigh
comment:  xmas
comment:  ve
comment:  isn
comment:  don
comment:  don
comment:  wat
comment:  hug
comment:  hug
comment:  tho
comment:  ve
comment:  die
comment:  bitch


cluster  101 :
comment:  plus
comment:  cover
comment:  ton
comment:  hook
comment:  etc
comment:  non
comment:  double
comment:  buy
comment:  plus
comment:  plus
comment:  plus
comment:  non


cluster  102 :
comment:  beautyful
comment:  stunner
comment:  scenary


cluster  103 :
comment:  amazing
comment:  awesome
comment:  amazing
comment:  fantastic
comment:  amazing
comment:  awesome
comment:  amazing
comment:  fantastic
comment:  amazing
comment:  fantastic
comment:  amazing
comment:  amazing
comment:  amazing
comment:  amazing
comment:  fantastic
comment:  fantastic
comment:  awesome
comment:  awesome
comment:  fantastic
comment:  awesome
comment:  fantastic


cluster  104 :
comment:  suspend
comment:  worldwide
comment:  plug
comment:  trial
comment:  minor
comment:  tab
comment:  hardware
comment:  manufacturer
comment:  commit
comment:  opt
comment:  pump
comment:  repair
comment:  construction
comment:  temporary
comment:  patch
comment:  repair
comment:  permanently
comment:  hardware
comment:  postpone
comment:  tablet
comment:  weigh
comment:  patch
comment:  temp


cluster  105 :
comment:  preserve
comment:  active
comment:  regularly
comment:  include
comment:  refer
comment:  require
comment:  locate
comment:  available
comment:  include
comment:  manage
comment:  local
comment:  access
comment:  manage
comment:  perform
comment:  instance
comment:  apply
comment:  apply


cluster  106 :
comment:  new
comment:  new
comment:  new
comment:  book
comment:  new
comment:  new
comment:  new
comment:  special


cluster  107 :
comment:  petit
comment:  sont
comment:  une
comment:  est
comment:  travail
comment:  est
comment:  une
comment:  est
comment:  notre
comment:  travail
comment:  une
comment:  est
comment:  une
comment:  tr
comment:  et
comment:  jeu


cluster  108 :
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  lovely
comment:  lovely
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  fabulous
comment:  beautiful
comment:  gorgeous
comment:  gorgeous
comment:  beautiful
comment:  fabulous
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  gorgeous
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  gorgeous
comment:  beautiful


cluster  109 :
CAPTION: range
comment:  area
comment:  powerful
comment:  space
comment:  high
comment:  location
comment:  large
comment:  high
comment:  area
comment:  area
comment:  high
comment:  large
comment:  set
comment:  powerful
comment:  small
comment:  relatively
comment:  overall
comment:  combination
range 	0.39536762


cluster  110 :
comment:  google
comment:  tag
comment:  tag
comment:  tag
comment:  tag
comment:  tag
comment:  google
comment:  mark


cluster  111 :
comment:  normal
comment:  difference
comment:  usually
comment:  usually
comment:  normal
comment:  slow
comment:  normal
comment:  slow
comment:  slow
comment:  normal


cluster  112 :
comment:  haha
comment:  hey
comment:  hey
comment:  hey
comment:  hey
comment:  haha
comment:  hey
comment:  btw
comment:  wow
comment:  hey
comment:  hey
comment:  wow
comment:  hey
comment:  hey


cluster  113 :
comment:  week
comment:  year
comment:  week
comment:  week
comment:  year
comment:  week
comment:  year
comment:  year
comment:  week
comment:  year
comment:  week
comment:  week
comment:  month
comment:  week

101373961279443806744.5657707241028704642
a large clock tower towering over a city 

matrix comment dim (723, 723)


cluster  0 :
comment:  athena
comment:  byron
comment:  athena
comment:  monet
comment:  tristan
comment:  pedro
comment:  ricardo
comment:  laurent
comment:  larsen
comment:  athena
comment:  tristan
comment:  tristan
comment:  larsen
comment:  sergio
comment:  athena
comment:  athena
comment:  athena
comment:  vikram
comment:  athena
comment:  athena
comment:  tristan
comment:  tristan
comment:  athena
comment:  athena
comment:  laurent


cluster  1 :
comment:  yesterday
comment:  early
comment:  yesterday
comment:  month
comment:  yesterday
comment:  early
comment:  later
comment:  yesterday
comment:  yesterday
comment:  year
comment:  year
comment:  yesterday
comment:  year
comment:  twice
comment:  hour
comment:  early
comment:  yesterday
comment:  today
comment:  hour
comment:  year
comment:  ago


cluster  2 :
comment:  wait
comment:  think
comment:  maybe
comment:  wish
comment:  like
comment:  want
comment:  bad
comment:  tell
comment:  hear
comment:  wrong
comment:  think
comment:  sure
comment:  like
comment:  know
comment:  feel
comment:  know
comment:  happen
comment:  know
comment:  mean
comment:  believe
comment:  actually
comment:  want
comment:  wish
comment:  maybe
comment:  happen
comment:  know
comment:  like
comment:  hope
comment:  think
comment:  want
comment:  want
comment:  remember
comment:  think
comment:  like
comment:  think
comment:  yes
comment:  feel
comment:  sure
comment:  like
comment:  think
comment:  like
comment:  mean
comment:  like
comment:  think


cluster  3 :
comment:  charles
comment:  laura
comment:  johnson
comment:  charles
comment:  holland
comment:  charles
comment:  stephen
comment:  charles
comment:  charles
comment:  stephen
comment:  charles
comment:  charles
comment:  charles
comment:  joseph
comment:  simon
comment:  morris
comment:  charles


cluster  4 :
comment:  pellegrinelli
comment:  photowalk
comment:  chilon
comment:  martigny
comment:  kumiszcza
comment:  sharaffulla
comment:  photowalk
comment:  elfner
comment:  rikard
comment:  lindby
comment:  broton
comment:  elfner
comment:  rooij
comment:  chisois
comment:  dnonetheless
comment:  elfner
comment:  martigny
comment:  pellegrinelli
comment:  agesin
comment:  photowalk
comment:  martigny
comment:  hartmut
comment:  gohd
comment:  tomaszewicz
comment:  chphotogs
comment:  elfner
comment:  chillon
comment:  bellisima


cluster  5 :
comment:  naive
comment:  companion
comment:  ve
comment:  cheer
comment:  underestimate
comment:  dreamy
comment:  sneak
comment:  distraction
comment:  hint
comment:  grad
comment:  adventure
comment:  marry
comment:  hop
comment:  chocolate
comment:  ignorance
comment:  ve
comment:  son


cluster  6 :
comment:  lupica
comment:  lupica
comment:  lupica
comment:  lupica
comment:  lupica
comment:  lupica


cluster  7 :
comment:  folletto
comment:  folletto
comment:  folletto
comment:  folletto
comment:  folletto
comment:  folletto
comment:  folletto
comment:  folletto
comment:  folletto
comment:  folletto
comment:  folletto
comment:  folletto
comment:  folletto
comment:  folletto
comment:  folletto
comment:  folletto


cluster  8 :
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  friend
comment:  welcome
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  friend
comment:  thank
comment:  friend
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank


cluster  9 :
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan


cluster  10 :
comment:  process
comment:  group
comment:  appropriately
comment:  list
comment:  introduction
comment:  message
comment:  history
comment:  critical
comment:  define
comment:  list
comment:  announcement
comment:  organise
comment:  announcement
comment:  satisfaction
comment:  behalf
comment:  manage
comment:  outstanding
comment:  include
comment:  list
comment:  group
comment:  save
comment:  confirm
comment:  qualify
comment:  list
comment:  match
comment:  message
comment:  subject
comment:  regularly
comment:  etc
comment:  etc
comment:  advertise
comment:  investigate
comment:  expectation
comment:  public


cluster  11 :
comment:  love
comment:  miss
comment:  love
comment:  miss
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  lucky
comment:  love
comment:  luck
comment:  miss
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  miss
comment:  glad
comment:  miss
comment:  love


cluster  12 :
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg


cluster  13 :
comment:  ps
comment:  november
comment:  europe
comment:  europe
comment:  france
comment:  italian
comment:  bean
comment:  nd
comment:  australia
comment:  italian
comment:  photoshop
comment:  la


cluster  14 :
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  lovely
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  stunning
comment:  stunning
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  incredible
comment:  stunning
comment:  lovely


cluster  15 :
comment:  mood
comment:  favourite
comment:  country
comment:  heart
comment:  lonely
comment:  mood
comment:  skip
comment:  old
comment:  town
comment:  favorite
comment:  catch
comment:  walk
comment:  live
comment:  old
comment:  town
comment:  mood
comment:  tough
comment:  hang
comment:  live
comment:  catch
comment:  live
comment:  play
comment:  live
comment:  live
comment:  drink
comment:  hot
comment:  night
comment:  old
comment:  town
comment:  minute
comment:  anxious
comment:  night
comment:  live


cluster  16 :
comment:  come
comment:  need
comment:  people
comment:  right
comment:  people
comment:  way
comment:  able
comment:  come
comment:  far
comment:  come
comment:  try
comment:  try
comment:  find
comment:  lot
comment:  need
comment:  expect
comment:  look
comment:  way
comment:  bring
comment:  far
comment:  look
comment:  right
comment:  look
comment:  try
comment:  look
comment:  find
comment:  certainly
comment:  look
comment:  look
comment:  better
comment:  look
comment:  way


cluster  17 :
CAPTION: large
CAPTION: clock
CAPTION: city
comment:  circle
comment:  famous
comment:  lock
comment:  private
comment:  circle
comment:  trash
comment:  main
comment:  free
comment:  door
comment:  near
comment:  coffee
comment:  style
comment:  dive
comment:  low
comment:  low
comment:  near
comment:  low
comment:  wall
comment:  train
comment:  coffee
comment:  area
comment:  game
comment:  friendly
comment:  water
comment:  fly
comment:  circle
comment:  train
comment:  station
comment:  drive
comment:  coffee
comment:  tea
comment:  drive
comment:  door
comment:  trash
comment:  circle
comment:  combination
comment:  cover
comment:  buy
comment:  coffee
large 	0.3373602
clock 	0.25206962
city 	0.3063532


cluster  18 :
comment:  jud
comment:  bux
comment:  jud
comment:  lightroom
comment:  nik
comment:  jud
comment:  wussy
comment:  ombre
comment:  merci
comment:  jud
comment:  thermos
comment:  sumit
comment:  sen
comment:  thermos
comment:  nl
comment:  ch
comment:  existe
comment:  este
comment:  hermoso
comment:  lugar


cluster  19 :
comment:  kid
comment:  sadly
comment:  sad
comment:  sick
comment:  sick
comment:  sick
comment:  sick
comment:  kid
comment:  sick
comment:  tired
comment:  excuse


cluster  20 :
CAPTION: tower
CAPTION: tower
comment:  castle
comment:  south
comment:  island
comment:  castle
comment:  chalet
comment:  mist
comment:  valley
comment:  haven
comment:  mist
comment:  lake
comment:  dungeon
comment:  chalet
comment:  western
comment:  lake
comment:  march
comment:  ski
comment:  chalet
comment:  castle
comment:  castle
comment:  lake
tower 	0.35168403
tower 	0.35168403


cluster  21 :
comment:  switzerland
comment:  nz
comment:  switzerland
comment:  alps
comment:  switzerland
comment:  perth
comment:  geneva
comment:  monte
comment:  rosa
comment:  geneva
comment:  alps


cluster  22 :
comment:  carey
comment:  carey
comment:  tara
comment:  bruno
comment:  darren
comment:  carey
comment:  carey
comment:  carey
comment:  carey
comment:  carey
comment:  carey
comment:  carey
comment:  hogan
comment:  carey


cluster  23 :
comment:  shot
comment:  shoot
comment:  shot
comment:  shot
comment:  shot
comment:  shot
comment:  shoot
comment:  shoot
comment:  shot
comment:  shot
comment:  shot
comment:  shoot


cluster  24 :
comment:  photographe
comment:  danilo
comment:  montreaux
comment:  valais
comment:  shihab
comment:  bati
comment:  uddin
comment:  arvid
comment:  copp
comment:  agrawal
comment:  luzern
comment:  danilo
comment:  verbier
comment:  trinh
comment:  pawel
comment:  copp
comment:  nde
comment:  fotograf
comment:  simplemente


cluster  25 :
comment:  exposition
comment:  architecture
comment:  lens
comment:  lens
comment:  roasted
comment:  espresso
comment:  input
comment:  plugin
comment:  composition
comment:  contain
comment:  dense
comment:  processing
comment:  proudly
comment:  composition
comment:  exposure
comment:  mobile
comment:  lens


cluster  26 :
comment:  notice
comment:  post
comment:  excellent
comment:  describe
comment:  post
comment:  question
comment:  send
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  read
comment:  new
comment:  share
comment:  suggestion
comment:  new
comment:  true
comment:  post
comment:  problem
comment:  share
comment:  person
comment:  correct
comment:  check
comment:  post
comment:  promise
comment:  interested
comment:  post
comment:  notice
comment:  add
comment:  simple
comment:  interested
comment:  add
comment:  post
comment:  comment
comment:  share
comment:  agree
comment:  notice
comment:  notice


cluster  27 :
comment:  announce
comment:  meet
comment:  meet
comment:  join
comment:  invite
comment:  announce
comment:  visit
comment:  join
comment:  join
comment:  meet
comment:  visit
comment:  join


cluster  28 :
comment:  image
comment:  photo
comment:  photographer
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  image
comment:  photographer
comment:  photographer
comment:  picture
comment:  print
comment:  image


cluster  29 :
comment:  time
comment:  day
comment:  long
comment:  time
comment:  place
comment:  work
comment:  time
comment:  particularly
comment:  work
comment:  time
comment:  work
comment:  ahead
comment:  start
comment:  time
comment:  close
comment:  apart
comment:  bit
comment:  stay
comment:  day
comment:  day
comment:  away
comment:  work
comment:  fairly
comment:  difficult
comment:  long
comment:  close
comment:  long
comment:  end
comment:  usually
comment:  difficult
comment:  time
comment:  time
comment:  possible
comment:  half
comment:  away


cluster  30 :
comment:  swiss
comment:  swiss
comment:  swiss
comment:  swiss
comment:  swiss
comment:  swiss
comment:  swiss
comment:  swiss
comment:  swiss
comment:  swiss


cluster  31 :
comment:  gloomy
comment:  cloud
comment:  dark
comment:  cloud
comment:  weather
comment:  white
comment:  dark
comment:  weather
comment:  fog
comment:  sky
comment:  sky
comment:  sharp
comment:  air
comment:  autumn
comment:  cloud
comment:  dark
comment:  air
comment:  weather
comment:  sunset
comment:  light
comment:  snow
comment:  cloud
comment:  cloud


cluster  32 :
comment:  photog
comment:  ouch
comment:  weren
comment:  photog
comment:  pitty
comment:  de
comment:  shouldn
comment:  photog


cluster  33 :
comment:  cool
comment:  absolutely
comment:  fantastic
comment:  great
comment:  cool
comment:  cool
comment:  great
comment:  amazing
comment:  wonderful
comment:  big
comment:  great
comment:  good
comment:  interesting
comment:  nice
comment:  perfect
comment:  interesting
comment:  amazing
comment:  big
comment:  nice
comment:  fun
comment:  good
comment:  pretty
comment:  cool
comment:  great
comment:  good
comment:  interesting
comment:  nice
comment:  little
comment:  nice
comment:  good
comment:  good


cluster  34 :
comment:  sunday
comment:  adam
comment:  mike
comment:  mike
comment:  peter
comment:  mike
comment:  david
comment:  mike


cluster  35 :
comment:  wow
comment:  wow
comment:  hello
comment:  kiss
comment:  lol
comment:  hey
comment:  hello
comment:  yeah
comment:  sorry
comment:  ok
comment:  hey

101373961279443806744.5924226676482501490
a black and white cat laying on a bed 

matrix comment dim (1982, 1982)


cluster  0 :
comment:  fan
comment:  birthday
comment:  hurry
comment:  annoyed
comment:  regret
comment:  sister
comment:  buddy
comment:  peace
comment:  hug
comment:  smile
comment:  mate
comment:  cheer
comment:  buddy
comment:  don
comment:  don
comment:  brother
comment:  boy


cluster  1 :
comment:  springsteen
comment:  nixon
comment:  sen
comment:  nl
comment:  lin
comment:  tran
comment:  levi
comment:  briggs
comment:  tran
comment:  switzerland
comment:  mclean
comment:  yasmin
comment:  yasmin
comment:  singh
comment:  meg
comment:  meg


cluster  2 :
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great
comment:  great


cluster  3 :
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thanks
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thanks
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thanks
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank
comment:  thank


cluster  4 :
comment:  shoot
comment:  shot
comment:  shot
comment:  shot
comment:  scene
comment:  camera
comment:  camera
comment:  camera
comment:  camera
comment:  shot
comment:  shot
comment:  shot
comment:  shot
comment:  shot
comment:  shoot
comment:  shoot
comment:  shot


cluster  5 :
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg
comment:  peijnenburg


cluster  6 :
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan
comment:  johan


cluster  7 :
comment:  george
comment:  johnson
comment:  johnny
comment:  johnny
comment:  thomas
comment:  john
comment:  john
comment:  tom
comment:  tom
comment:  peter
comment:  scott
comment:  david
comment:  frank
comment:  frank
comment:  chris
comment:  richard
comment:  jim
comment:  jim
comment:  eric
comment:  eric
comment:  thomas
comment:  paul
comment:  paul
comment:  tom
comment:  tom
comment:  dave
comment:  lee
comment:  david
comment:  williams
comment:  david
comment:  david
comment:  george
comment:  jim
comment:  peter
comment:  david
comment:  david
comment:  steve
comment:  steve
comment:  george
comment:  michael
comment:  michael
comment:  michael
comment:  michael
comment:  michael
comment:  michael


cluster  8 :
comment:  hear
comment:  hear
comment:  hear
comment:  wait
comment:  friend
comment:  agree
comment:  friend
comment:  hear
comment:  friend
comment:  hear
comment:  friend
comment:  hear


cluster  9 :
comment:  specific
comment:  manner
comment:  involve
comment:  appear
comment:  explore
comment:  expand
comment:  include
comment:  focus
comment:  reveal
comment:  manage
comment:  process
comment:  effectively
comment:  result
comment:  fully
comment:  regard
comment:  include
comment:  process
comment:  explore
comment:  general
comment:  process
comment:  focus
comment:  project
comment:  process
comment:  focus


cluster  10 :
comment:  marvelous
comment:  fabulous
comment:  lovely
comment:  lovely
comment:  lovely


cluster  11 :
comment:  alles
comment:  goed
comment:  weer
comment:  mooi
comment:  werk
comment:  goed
comment:  hier
comment:  mijn
comment:  werk
comment:  moet
comment:  zijn
comment:  dus
comment:  sehr
comment:  alles
comment:  goed
comment:  meer
comment:  weet
comment:  hoor
comment:  heb
comment:  zou
comment:  echt
comment:  hier
comment:  alles
comment:  goed
comment:  alles
comment:  goed


cluster  12 :
comment:  seide
comment:  landsmann
comment:  aballe
comment:  esvall
comment:  tyllinen
comment:  suppppper
comment:  kroen
comment:  aangenaam
comment:  shortlist
comment:  grzegorz
comment:  piechowicz
comment:  parlow
comment:  sweedon
comment:  hedenberg
comment:  sweedon
comment:  landscapephotography
comment:  nter
comment:  schurr
comment:  kaatje
comment:  pabroquez
comment:  nter
comment:  schurr
comment:  nter
comment:  noufa
comment:  ethaniel
comment:  soestbergen
comment:  besttopphotographer
comment:  tompkin
comment:  sairam
comment:  sundaresan
comment:  tjintjelaar
comment:  manousos
comment:  graan
comment:  daugaard
comment:  nter
comment:  schurr
comment:  petrick
comment:  jany
comment:  viala
comment:  primatesta
comment:  jorunn
comment:  gudlaugsdottir
comment:  jorunn
comment:  reiziger
comment:  cairn
comment:  sairam
comment:  sundaresan
comment:  fontanez
comment:  wove
comment:  dramagic
comment:  parlow
comment:  rimovska
comment:  filmalter
comment:  drukker
comment:  aankomende
comment:  gereed
comment:  inplannen
comment:  landscapephotography
comment:  grzegorz
comment:  piechowicz
comment:  naghmeh
comment:  khadembashi
comment:  naghmeh
comment:  kralicek
comment:  vielmal
comment:  cazimir
comment:  ilieva
comment:  mossbacher
comment:  parmeeva
comment:  delcour
comment:  demaret
comment:  turkowski
comment:  nikolski
comment:  nikolski
comment:  zodra
comment:  bouskill
comment:  westerhout
comment:  vignali
comment:  manousos
comment:  tompkin
comment:  parlow
comment:  salsedo
comment:  fliessen
comment:  btplandscapepro
comment:  rinus
comment:  btpmonochromepro
comment:  rinus
comment:  vielmal
comment:  haferland
comment:  cazimir
comment:  westerhout
comment:  charnley
comment:  amieiro
comment:  grossartige
comment:  ausgesucht
comment:  ryndak
comment:  nurcan
comment:  giby
comment:  demolish
comment:  pendharkar
comment:  graan
comment:  manousos
comment:  chauvinistic
comment:  sairam
comment:  sundaresan
comment:  ejh
comment:  fontanez
comment:  sonnenfeld
comment:  esguerra
comment:  ryndak
comment:  esguerra
comment:  rimovska
comment:  spenner
comment:  renay
comment:  renay
comment:  subra
comment:  subra
comment:  kaatje
comment:  nazomer
comment:  hambley
comment:  photomaniaschweiz
comment:  nter
comment:  schurr
comment:  sairam
comment:  sundaresan
comment:  anatoliy
comment:  urbanskiy
comment:  grzegorz
comment:  piechowicz
comment:  grzegorz
comment:  dijck
comment:  rousher
comment:  salmela


cluster  13 :
comment:  level
comment:  line
comment:  daily
comment:  daily
comment:  formal
comment:  period
comment:  flow
comment:  flow
comment:  water
comment:  cost
comment:  body
comment:  water
comment:  path
comment:  force
comment:  water
comment:  power
comment:  line
comment:  effect
comment:  water
comment:  near
comment:  energy
comment:  level
comment:  force
comment:  area
comment:  energy


cluster  14 :
comment:  look
comment:  look
comment:  look
comment:  look
comment:  look
comment:  look
comment:  look
comment:  look
comment:  look
comment:  look
comment:  look


cluster  15 :
comment:  capture
comment:  description
comment:  capture
comment:  view
comment:  location
comment:  capture
comment:  view
comment:  location
comment:  capture
comment:  display
comment:  capture
comment:  capture
comment:  capture


cluster  16 :
comment:  je
comment:  wel
comment:  je
comment:  wel
comment:  hoe
comment:  je
comment:  wel
comment:  je
comment:  wel
comment:  ze
comment:  ja
comment:  wel
comment:  dan
comment:  je
comment:  je
comment:  wel
comment:  beter


cluster  17 :
comment:  come
comment:  moment
comment:  right
comment:  right
comment:  come
comment:  bring
comment:  mention
comment:  come
comment:  come
comment:  people
comment:  reason
comment:  come
comment:  moment
comment:  come
comment:  chance
comment:  moment


cluster  18 :
comment:  dreamy
comment:  waterfall
comment:  horizon
comment:  river
comment:  cave
comment:  cave
comment:  cave
comment:  fragile
comment:  moody
comment:  cave
comment:  forest
comment:  sublime
comment:  serene
comment:  melody
comment:  melody
comment:  dreadful
comment:  mystical
comment:  darkness
comment:  solitude


cluster  19 :
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like
comment:  like


cluster  20 :
CAPTION: cat
comment:  hop
comment:  song
comment:  live
comment:  rock
comment:  rock
comment:  haven
comment:  rock
comment:  dance
comment:  dance
comment:  rock
comment:  hero
comment:  song
comment:  live
comment:  dance
comment:  soul
comment:  haven
comment:  haven
cat 	0.24121565


cluster  21 :
comment:  giorgi
comment:  jungfrau
comment:  marilou
comment:  marilou
comment:  anneli
comment:  jahangir
comment:  pelaez
comment:  bowle
comment:  qadir
comment:  jutta
comment:  jutta
comment:  lavoie
comment:  dalibor
comment:  dalibor
comment:  hilaire
comment:  wilfried
comment:  puig
comment:  azaz
comment:  munford
comment:  qadir
comment:  curat
comment:  reynold


cluster  22 :
comment:  course
comment:  usual
comment:  exact
comment:  difficult
comment:  likely
comment:  attention
comment:  usual
comment:  apparently
comment:  bit
comment:  trouble
comment:  apparently
comment:  bit
comment:  careful
comment:  problem


cluster  23 :
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo
comment:  photo


cluster  24 :
comment:  november
comment:  august
comment:  victoria
comment:  khan
comment:  chicago
comment:  november
comment:  costa
comment:  november
comment:  robin
comment:  november
comment:  victor
comment:  victor
comment:  louis
comment:  louis
comment:  pa
comment:  st
comment:  victor
comment:  heath
comment:  oscar
comment:  canada
comment:  costa
comment:  dutch
comment:  christian
comment:  christian


cluster  25 :
comment:  ok
comment:  wow
comment:  hey
comment:  hey
comment:  wow
comment:  oh
comment:  ok
comment:  wow
comment:  wow
comment:  ok
comment:  hey
comment:  hey
comment:  wow
comment:  oh
comment:  lol
comment:  lol
comment:  hey


cluster  26 :
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment
comment:  compliment


cluster  27 :
comment:  week
comment:  week
comment:  year
comment:  later
comment:  week
comment:  year
comment:  earlier
comment:  earlier
comment:  month


cluster  28 :
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love
comment:  love


cluster  29 :
comment:  marquardt
comment:  jansen
comment:  dunne
comment:  milena
comment:  anette
comment:  anette
comment:  tatiana
comment:  tatiana
comment:  nikola
comment:  nikola
comment:  marquardt
comment:  duarte
comment:  gallup
comment:  jansen
comment:  marquardt
comment:  armand
comment:  koontz


cluster  30 :
comment:  processing
comment:  processing
comment:  select
comment:  coordinate
comment:  carbon
comment:  variable
comment:  securely
comment:  processing
comment:  processing


cluster  31 :
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  sharing
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share
comment:  share


cluster  32 :
comment:  enter
comment:  submit
comment:  online
comment:  news
comment:  page
comment:  page
comment:  page
comment:  click
comment:  feedback
comment:  purchase
comment:  page
comment:  list
comment:  page
comment:  publish
comment:  enter
comment:  connect
comment:  profile
comment:  owner
comment:  online
comment:  submit
comment:  enter
comment:  enter


cluster  33 :
comment:  fantastic
comment:  fantastic
comment:  fantastic
comment:  perfect
comment:  excellent
comment:  perfect
comment:  excellent
comment:  fantastic
comment:  fantastic
comment:  fantastic
comment:  excellent
comment:  fantastic
comment:  enjoy
comment:  terrific
comment:  enjoy
comment:  perfect
comment:  perfect
comment:  fantastic
comment:  fantastic
comment:  enjoy
comment:  fantastic


cluster  34 :
comment:  weather
comment:  weather
comment:  weather
comment:  weather
comment:  rainy
comment:  weather
comment:  weather


cluster  35 :
comment:  quiet
comment:  artistic
comment:  intimate
comment:  creativity
comment:  magical
comment:  powerful
comment:  dramatic
comment:  unbelievably
comment:  intense
comment:  intense
comment:  dramatic
comment:  dramatic
comment:  powerful
comment:  intimate
comment:  midst
comment:  nature
comment:  intense


cluster  36 :
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work
comment:  work


cluster  37 :
comment:  elena
comment:  enrique
comment:  annette
comment:  gemma
comment:  karin
comment:  gerard
comment:  claudia
comment:  claudia
comment:  gemma
comment:  gemma


cluster  38 :
comment:  stunning
comment:  superb
comment:  stunning
comment:  marvellous
comment:  beauty
comment:  stunning
comment:  stunning
comment:  scenery
comment:  elegant
comment:  stunning
comment:  stunning
comment:  splendid
comment:  stunning
comment:  spectacular
comment:  spectacular
comment:  impressive


cluster  39 :
comment:  dir
comment:  von
comment:  www
comment:  com
comment:  van
comment:  dir
comment:  van
comment:  es
comment:  van
comment:  de
comment:  ver
comment:  das
comment:  ist
comment:  al
comment:  pas
comment:  de
comment:  de
comment:  van
comment:  alias
comment:  van


cluster  40 :
CAPTION: lay
comment:  draw
comment:  hiding
comment:  left
comment:  hide
comment:  hit
comment:  hit
comment:  suffer
comment:  spare
comment:  figure
comment:  suffice
comment:  hit
comment:  survive
comment:  hide
comment:  drop
comment:  figure
comment:  stumble
comment:  meaning
comment:  jump
comment:  grow
comment:  spare
comment:  spare
comment:  figure
comment:  grow
lay 	0.38011315


cluster  41 :
comment:  sorry
comment:  sorry
comment:  sorry
comment:  dear
comment:  dear
comment:  sorry


cluster  42 :
comment:  jerry
comment:  jerry
comment:  bruce
comment:  sandra
comment:  walter
comment:  walter
comment:  andrea
comment:  andrea
comment:  janet
comment:  clark
comment:  cindy
comment:  joel
comment:  dylan
comment:  stephen
comment:  stephen
comment:  jackie
comment:  jackie
comment:  sandra
comment:  anna
comment:  anna
comment:  marc
comment:  marc
comment:  kurt
comment:  nathan
comment:  carey
comment:  nathan
comment:  sandra
comment:  sandra
comment:  sandra
comment:  sean
comment:  sean
comment:  nancy
comment:  carey
comment:  charles
comment:  shawn
comment:  shawn
comment:  anna
comment:  joseph
comment:  dylan
comment:  davis
comment:  barbara
comment:  barbara
comment:  jackie
comment:  diana
comment:  anna
comment:  anna
comment:  joan
comment:  joan
comment:  miller
comment:  maria
comment:  alice
comment:  anna
comment:  anna
comment:  ian
comment:  sandra
comment:  joel


cluster  43 :
CAPTION: bed
comment:  sandwich
comment:  rice
comment:  understatement
comment:  fare
comment:  drool
comment:  sandwich
comment:  breakfast
comment:  canning
bed 	0.25053278


cluster  44 :
comment:  day
comment:  time
comment:  time
comment:  time
comment:  day
comment:  day
comment:  day
comment:  day
comment:  time
comment:  day
comment:  day
comment:  time
comment:  time
comment:  day
comment:  day
comment:  day


cluster  45 :
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  gorgeous
comment:  gorgeous
comment:  beautiful
comment:  gorgeous
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  gorgeous
comment:  beautiful
comment:  gorgeous
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  beautiful
comment:  gorgeous
comment:  beautiful


cluster  46 :
comment:  try
comment:  try
comment:  find
comment:  try
comment:  find
comment:  find
comment:  try
comment:  try
comment:  try
comment:  try
comment:  try
comment:  decide
comment:  try
comment:  try
comment:  need


cluster  47 :
comment:  amazing
comment:  amazing
comment:  amazing
comment:  amazing
comment:  awesome
comment:  amazing
comment:  amazing
comment:  amazing
comment:  amazing
comment:  awesome


cluster  48 :
comment:  think
comment:  know
comment:  think
comment:  maybe
comment:  sure
comment:  think
comment:  wonder
comment:  forget
comment:  think
comment:  want
comment:  want
comment:  want
comment:  let
comment:  forget
comment:  think
comment:  imagine
comment:  thing
comment:  thing
comment:  know
comment:  know
comment:  thing
comment:  want
comment:  guess
comment:  forget
comment:  wonder
comment:  think
comment:  guess
comment:  think
comment:  thing
comment:  think
comment:  thing
comment:  imagine
comment:  thing
comment:  think
comment:  guess


cluster  49 :
comment:  gracias
comment:  nicee
comment:  danke
comment:  merci
comment:  danke
comment:  danke
comment:  opps
comment:  danke
comment:  merci
comment:  beaucoup
comment:  tnx
comment:  tnx


cluster  50 :
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image
comment:  image


cluster  51 :
comment:  awww
comment:  heh
comment:  sir
comment:  monday
comment:  wat
comment:  bummer
comment:  hah
comment:  nah
comment:  yup
comment:  hah


cluster  52 :
comment:  peak
comment:  region
comment:  row
comment:  minor
comment:  curve
comment:  map
comment:  exposure
comment:  angle
comment:  damage
comment:  angle
comment:  repair
comment:  incident
comment:  stream
comment:  crop
comment:  crop
comment:  lens
comment:  exposure
comment:  curve
comment:  peak
comment:  crop
comment:  smartphone
comment:  crop
comment:  crop
comment:  switch
comment:  shield
comment:  seize


cluster  53 :
comment:  gaat
comment:  krijg
comment:  periode
comment:  ergens
comment:  eerste
comment:  kunnen
comment:  vanaf
comment:  iets
comment:  verder
comment:  zien
comment:  elkaar
comment:  trouwens
comment:  hebben
comment:  geworden
comment:  dort
comment:  beetje
comment:  vinden
comment:  fijne
comment:  avond


cluster  54 :
CAPTION: black
CAPTION: white
comment:  light
comment:  deep
comment:  dark
comment:  light
comment:  dark
comment:  black
comment:  white
comment:  light
comment:  dark
comment:  light
comment:  eye
comment:  dark
comment:  dark
comment:  dark
comment:  dark
comment:  deep
comment:  dark
black 	0.59732300569
white 	0.60084691819


cluster  55 :
comment:  promise
comment:  follow
comment:  follow
comment:  learn
comment:  learn
comment:  follow
comment:  check
comment:  meet
comment:  check
comment:  help
comment:  today
comment:  forward
comment:  intend
comment:  meet
comment:  future
comment:  forward
comment:  meet
comment:  help
comment:  read
comment:  help
comment:  read


cluster  56 :
comment:  cool
comment:  cool
comment:  cool
comment:  super


cluster  57 :
comment:  hope
comment:  hope
comment:  hope
comment:  hope
comment:  appreciate
comment:  wish
comment:  happy
comment:  hope
comment:  appreciate
comment:  appreciate
comment:  appreciate
comment:  hope
comment:  hope
comment:  hope
comment:  hope
comment:  wish
comment:  hope
comment:  hope


cluster  58 :
comment:  markus
comment:  markus
comment:  javier
comment:  robby
comment:  robby
comment:  khalid
comment:  abdul
comment:  dominique
comment:  dominique
comment:  orr
comment:  roxanne
comment:  roxanne
comment:  rohan
comment:  reilly
comment:  rohan
comment:  wilhelm
comment:  athena
comment:  dominique
comment:  dempsey
comment:  haas
comment:  enzo
comment:  ros
comment:  enzo
comment:  orr
comment:  kamal
comment:  kamal
comment:  tania
comment:  jamal
comment:  jamal
comment:  aamir
comment:  khalid
comment:  abdul
comment:  richter
comment:  henrik
comment:  andersen
comment:  henrik


cluster  59 :
comment:  landscape
comment:  landscape
comment:  landscape
comment:  landscape
comment:  landscape
comment:  landscape


cluster  60 :
comment:  high
comment:  small
comment:  detail
comment:  highlight
comment:  large
comment:  piece
comment:  set
comment:  outstanding
comment:  outstanding
comment:  feature
comment:  high
comment:  detail
comment:  shape
comment:  fit
comment:  detail
comment:  piece
comment:  small
comment:  detail
comment:  addition
comment:  comfortable


cluster  61 :
comment:  portfolio
comment:  compose
comment:  compose
comment:  compose
comment:  composition
comment:  composition
comment:  imagery
comment:  composition
comment:  composition
comment:  abstract
comment:  portfolio


cluster  62 :
comment:  het
comment:  het
comment:  ik
comment:  het
comment:  het
comment:  een
comment:  ik
comment:  het
comment:  ik
comment:  ook
comment:  ik
comment:  ook


cluster  63 :
comment:  add
comment:  add
comment:  add
comment:  use
comment:  add
comment:  use


cluster  64 :
comment:  mania
comment:  mania
comment:  gps
comment:  nothingness
comment:  mania
comment:  mania
comment:  caveman
comment:  mania


cluster  65 :
comment:  big
comment:  world
comment:  old
comment:  big
comment:  world
comment:  true
comment:  real
comment:  house
comment:  face
comment:  new
comment:  new
comment:  house
comment:  true


cluster  66 :
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful
comment:  wonderful


cluster  67 :
comment:  foliage
comment:  monochrome
comment:  monochrome
comment:  deceptively
comment:  stunner
comment:  monochrome
comment:  monochrome
comment:  foliage
comment:  monochrome
comment:  toned


cluster  68 :
comment:  evening
comment:  evening
comment:  inspirational
comment:  pleasure
comment:  evening
comment:  pleasure
comment:  evening


cluster  69 :
comment:  splash
comment:  gold
comment:  size
comment:  square
comment:  wood
comment:  square
comment:  square
comment:  square
comment:  decoration
comment:  square
comment:  glass
comment:  flat


cluster  70 :
comment:  place
comment:  turn
comment:  place
comment:  away
comment:  away
comment:  away
comment:  point
comment:  place
comment:  place
comment:  end
comment:  turn
comment:  past


cluster  71 :
comment:  plenty
comment:  choice
comment:  easy
comment:  easy
comment:  perfectly
comment:  fine
comment:  choice
comment:  different
comment:  choice
comment:  different
comment:  choice
comment:  nicely
comment:  nicely
comment:  special


cluster  72 :
comment:  lesson
comment:  workshop
comment:  master
comment:  drama
comment:  theme
comment:  notch
comment:  theme
comment:  workshop
comment:  education
comment:  likewise
comment:  swing
comment:  lesson
comment:  workshop
comment:  theme
comment:  drama
comment:  horse
comment:  train
comment:  train
comment:  pro
comment:  pro
comment:  club
comment:  workshop
comment:  mark
comment:  mark
comment:  mark


cluster  73 :
comment:  visit
comment:  attend
comment:  join
comment:  visit
comment:  visit
comment:  visit
comment:  visit
comment:  visit
comment:  visit


cluster  74 :
comment:  definitely
comment:  absolutely
comment:  especially
comment:  way
comment:  lot
comment:  way
comment:  way
comment:  kind
comment:  way
comment:  definitely
comment:  absolutely
comment:  actually
comment:  pretty
comment:  kind
comment:  kind
comment:  actually
comment:  way
comment:  way
comment:  kind
comment:  absolutely
comment:  way
comment:  lot
comment:  absolutely
comment:  kind
comment:  kind
comment:  lot
comment:  actually
comment:  feel
comment:  far


cluster  75 :
comment:  leyla
comment:  roberson
comment:  leyla
comment:  rodolfo
comment:  rodolfo
comment:  mikko
comment:  schaller
comment:  thorsten
comment:  thorsten
comment:  mady
comment:  griggs
comment:  lundgren
comment:  didier
comment:  didier
comment:  tisha
comment:  fabrizio
comment:  fabrizio
comment:  hilbert
comment:  bakker
comment:  bakker
comment:  yara
comment:  bronner
comment:  lupica
comment:  mcclure
comment:  abhay
comment:  shahzad
comment:  gunderson
comment:  alycia
comment:  alycia
comment:  ohara


cluster  76 :
comment:  simplicity
comment:  rich
comment:  rich
comment:  tone
comment:  tight
comment:  tight
comment:  tone
comment:  rich
comment:  soft
comment:  sheer
comment:  simplicity
comment:  tone
comment:  soft
comment:  tone
comment:  tone
comment:  pure
comment:  texture


cluster  77 :
comment:  photographer
comment:  art
comment:  photography
comment:  art
comment:  photography
comment:  photographer
comment:  photography
comment:  photography
comment:  photography
comment:  art
comment:  photography
comment:  art


cluster  78 :
comment:  welcome
comment:  welcome
comment:  welcome
comment:  proud
comment:  welcome


cluster  79 :
comment:  nd
comment:  ve
comment:  ve
comment:  die
comment:  ve
comment:  nd


cluster  80 :
comment:  color
comment:  contrast
comment:  contrast
comment:  contrast
comment:  contrast
comment:  contrast
comment:  contrast
comment:  contrast


cluster  81 :
comment:  filter
comment:  tripod
comment:  filter
comment:  filter
comment:  holder
comment:  filter
comment:  filter
comment:  filter
comment:  filter
comment:  filter


cluster  82 :
comment:  afraid
comment:  crazy
comment:  bad
comment:  stuff
comment:  worry
comment:  bad
comment:  bad
comment:  bad
comment:  seriously
comment:  guy
comment:  anymore
comment:  bad
comment:  bad


cluster  83 :
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good
comment:  good


cluster  84 :
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad
comment:  glad


cluster  85 :
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice
comment:  nice


cluster  86 :
comment:  mood
comment:  mood
comment:  mood
comment:  mood
comment:  mood
comment:  mood


cluster  87 :
comment:  competition
comment:  class
comment:  win
comment:  win
comment:  success
comment:  class
comment:  decision
comment:  win
comment:  return
comment:  rule
comment:  second
comment:  match
comment:  decision
comment:  second
comment:  class
comment:  competition
comment:  win
comment:  competition


cluster  88 :
comment:  darn
comment:  bunch
comment:  word
comment:  bunch
comment:  weird
comment:  weird
comment:  word
comment:  word
comment:  sick
comment:  sadly
comment:  silly
comment:  darn
comment:  curious
comment:  word
comment:  man


cluster  89 :
comment:  editor
comment:  complaint
comment:  editor
comment:  disabled
comment:  disabled
comment:  format
comment:  edit


cluster  90 :
comment:  colorfull
comment:  ipa
comment:  vraiment
comment:  remo
comment:  bw
comment:  superbe
comment:  craw
comment:  deux
comment:  schweiz
comment:  divina
comment:  schweiz
comment:  bm
comment:  ipa
comment:  schweiz
comment:  ipa


cluster  91 :
comment:  eyb
comment:  btp
comment:  btp
comment:  btp
comment:  btp
comment:  btp
comment:  aporta


cluster  92 :
comment:  reply
comment:  post
comment:  post
comment:  blog
comment:  comment
comment:  post


cluster  93 :
comment:  dank
comment:  dank
comment:  dank
comment:  dank
comment:  sch
comment:  sch
comment:  dank
comment:  somwhere


cluster  94 :
comment:  sad
comment:  yes
comment:  yes
comment:  yes
comment:  yes
comment:  everybody
comment:  miss
comment:  yes
comment:  yes
comment:  sad
comment:  yes
comment:  yes


cluster  95 :
comment:  rosie
comment:  rosie
comment:  jeffrey
comment:  cj
comment:  cox
comment:  cj
comment:  margaret
comment:  betty
comment:  annie
comment:  annie
comment:  harvey
comment:  betty
comment:  betty
comment:  margaret
comment:  simpson
comment:  margaret
comment:  wong
comment:  betty
comment:  shelly
comment:  shelly


cluster  96 :
comment:  lose
comment:  fall
comment:  start
comment:  fall
comment:  long
comment:  long
comment:  long
comment:  finally
comment:  spot
comment:  hold
comment:  long
comment:  break
comment:  catch
comment:  lose
comment:  fall
comment:  break
comment:  walk
comment:  long


cluster  97 :
comment:  worth
comment:  worth
comment:  job
comment:  worth
comment:  book
comment:  pay
comment:  worth


cluster  98 :
comment:  etna
comment:  bts
comment:  dubi
comment:  sumit
comment:  thao
comment:  sach
comment:  junge
comment:  piet
comment:  piet
comment:  tje
comment:  cip
comment:  rde
comment:  milch
comment:  lieber
comment:  jalous
comment:  netherland
comment:  cip
comment:  imagem
comment:  bild
comment:  seite
comment:  swanepoel
comment:  wunderbar
comment:  govinda
